RADOVID SUCKS FLACCID COCK
RIP ;_;
Why Kalkstein ;_;At least they brought back the best Witcher 1 character
0Dr. Zaius, Dr. ZaiusDr. Zaius, Dr. ZaiusDr. Zaius, Dr. ZaiusOooh Dr. Zaius
"Could you imagine if EA or Ubisoft released a 60 dollar game that only had 2 multiplayer modes and 5 maps at launch? People would be up in arms and rioting about how terrible it is, but because it's made by Nintendo people have fanboy blinders on and forgive them for releasing an incomplete game at launch"He makes a pretty good pointWhy is it ok when Nintendo does it, but not EA or Ubisoft?
I guess. But I thought that was basically how CoD works.
Splatoon is a budget title outside of america.They don't charge you another 50bucks for their maps/modes/weapons.Amiibo DLC is shit, but people tend to forget you get a figure with your purchase of one.
The difference is, is that EA/Ubisoft would charge for all the updates
6you mean like the last couple battlefield games?
6Because if EA did it the product would have been so much worse. Day one dlc that cost as much as the game would have been a guarantee among other things.If ubisoft released it, it would have been a buggy mess. As well as shoving their uplay shit down your throat and once again dlc up the ass. Plus nintendo is planning on supporting the game with free dlc for months. The only free dlc ubisoft gave was due to the shitshow that was unity and i doubt EA would ever do that.
6I don't think it's so much that it's not okay when EA or Ubi does it, but it's not okay because they've done it before and fucked everyone over multiple times. I figure more people just trust Nintendo to live up to their expectations. EA and Ubi have to work for that trust now.
6but i thought youtube jews were boycotting nintendo?
But Splatoon released free weapons and more maps shortly after release and has a single player with actual thought put into it. I dont think its as much of a rip off as dsp says it is.
1It is, and the updates aren't free like Splatoons are. Granted it really should be 30-40 dollars but if they keep releasing free updates it's far easier to swallow. What DumbShitPedro should be asking is "Could you imagine if EA or Ubisoft offered all future dlc as free for one of their games?"6Why is it sixty in the US but nowhere else? Shit's stupid.
Why argue that though.what ifWhat if games cost 1000$ and you could only play on tuesdays?Bottomline is it doesnt matter. Splatoon is a fun game if people want to spent 60 burgerbucks why not.
TF2 launched with a handful of maps gets free updates is well receivedSplatoon launches with a handful of mapsgets free updatesfucking NintendoPlease explain.
Game has unique gameplay and isn't a rehash of last years game. Easy to learn, hard to master. Is actually fun to playGee, I wonder why people like this game.
6I feel that it is partially due to the difference in aesthetic, and gameplay when compared to other multiplayer competitive games. Had Ubisoft or EA done it, it would have been a military shooter, and all the DLC you would've been charged for.
6Splatoon is a budget title outside of America.It's a full price game in Australia. But then, everything electronic is full-priced in Australia.Fuck this country.
2If you like a nintendo game your a fanboy.rember to like comment and subscribe so i can make a living of of other peoples work by giving my opinion on it
9As much as I hate EA and the direction they've taken battlefield I hate people who don't know what they're talking about even morevanilla BF hardlinemaps7 modesvanilla BF4maps9 modesPlease don't be fucking retarded. inb4 you move the goal posts and mention bugs/stability and all that bullshit. From a pure content standpoint you can't even compare battlefield to splatoon.
Because they generally aren't fun at a fundamental level and in three months, you have zero point, you fuck.
2TF2 was launched with a bundle of games for the price of 1 or for $20 for a standalone version.Splatoon was launched as a full price game and has barely the same level of content that TF2 did at launch.
5$50 at big W$59 at JBIt's not full price.
6BASEDASED
2comparing a 2007 game to a high profile first party 2015 exclusive
4thats fair, i haven't even played splatoon.i just like to argue
3Because it wouldn't sell otherwise. It's €38 in the Netherlands and even that is too expensive. Would have bought it for 20.
Thank you to people who recommended the Krak-on Roller. Before when I'd be in a tight situation the wail couldn't do shit. Now I can slap the Kraken and survive much longer. I know people bitch about roller and the kraken but rollers are the shotgun class more or less. They need to be up close and personal. I get my shit kicked in as much as I give. I don't really get the hate.
2TF2 cost 20 bucks standalone or 50 with four other games. TF2, before hats were introduced, was pretty much the best example of top notch DLC
6show me a Ubi or EA game that is as brave as Splatoon?if you wanted to find a single word that describes both their game output it's "safe"
IT'S
6Especially faglord DSP that's one of the biggest fucking faggots on the internet. DSP is like a synonym for down syndrome like gaming behaviour.
6SO HARD
6man DSP has become pretty based lately huh
OK
7TO SAY GOOD BYE
3Get's hate coz it's a crutch weapon. "oh no I got fucked and will definitely die, oh right invincibility"
9TO YESTERDAY
WHEN
9I WAS
NINTENDO
3Same could be said for the splattershot jr with it's bubbler, or anything with the bubbler.
6be EArelease 40% of the game for 60$charge 40$ for a season pass with 20% of the game's contentbe Ubisoftrelease 70% of the game for 60$20% isn't playable because of bugsthe other 50% is riddled with issues that make the game not funrelease DLC worth 50$ in total for 10%Be Nintendorelease 45% of the gamerelease the other 55% of the game as "updates" later on free of charge no noteworthy bugs except other people reporting constant communication errorsyou tell me. Not a big fan of that either, but their reasoning is sound enough for me to not throw a fit about it
6STORMING THROUGH THE PARTY
You only have to go to this thread 4 to see the retards who like splatoon
5LIKE MY NAME WAS EL NINIO
It's impressive that DSP always has a look of abject confusion on his face, like he doesn't know where he is, or how he got there.But I suppose yes, if we could rewind time, and Ubi made Splatoon on PC or the non Nintendo consoles, I'm sure there would be more negativity. First party is what attracts mindless fanboys, you rarely see a third party fanboy, beyond CD Projekt, I suppose.
Ignoring the fact that Splatoon is a game made for children by a company that has a target audience of children
6He is right.Also, splatton - first baby tps/online shooter, of course they love it.But you cant even compare it to the complexity of TitanFal..
4moving goalpostsbut bugs and stability issues are kind of a big deal. Claiming they don't matter is realy realy drone-ish.
6Yeah in theory it's very bad, but it actually isn't bad. The only thing that I'm really mad about is how they delayed the arranged games to august, but then again I kinda see their strategy here. They are working with a rather small player base and want to keep the herd together by dropping small updates here and there. They wanted you to know Turf War in and out before even getting a chance of trying splat zones etc.I'd also like to confess I talk shit about CoD and BF without actually having played those games since their early installments. Sorry.
DSP on point
8implying /v/ doesnt sexualise everything that looks remotely female.
The game was designed for dumb children that wouldn't care, and they seemingly planned/designed everything in the game really well--except for the fact that kids don't want kiddy shit. They want hardcore real life shit, motherfucker. Boys want gritty soldier action set in the middle east or somewhere they can get sick 360 noscopes, and girls just want to watch Pewdiepie scream like an idiot and pretend to be a retard for a while. I.E. I don't think they were prepared for the overwhelming adult audience they got.
2Yeah and the same bunch of retards like splatoon.
5It's a full price game in AustraliaNo first party nintendo games are here, they don't go higher than $80rrp
youtuber
6based DSP telling it like how it is
6He makes a pretty good pointN he doesn't. whoever argument with solcing "what if" scenarios is a brain dead moron
6you rarely see a third party fanboyWhat? There's plenty of people who buy games just because they're made by EA/Ubisoft/Activision/Bethesda. Usually it's tied more to the being a blind fanboy of one of their game series, but every time one of them make a new IP everyone gobbles it down.
9Literally it is okay if Nintendo does it
 DSP making a coherent point.Obvious shoop.
9That's not the issue at hand though, we're only comparing the content of 2 $60 games
bullshitno one would pay attention if ea made splatoonthey would get mad at ubisoft though. only because they would make a retarded half ass rabbid splatoon.also, people are up in arms about splatoon. did you forget you make these threads all the time?
6you rarely see a third party fanboy
Friendly reminder that Xbox and Microsoft are to blame for the video games industry being in shambles.
Why's that anon?
8Elaborate.
46They brought the dudebros into gaming that buy all the AAA garbage like COD and Madden.The games that have caused innovation and good games to go unnoticed.
4But before Xbox rolled around, the dudebros just flocked to the Playstation usually. They just shifted the demographics, if anything. PS4 is still pretty popular amongst that subsection of the vidya playing population.
4do you have solid proof of that you fucking autistic faggot?
4The real crime is that Microsoft dismantled many of their PC studios, and helped attract all the PC devs to come over to consoles.
8do i need proof you pleblook around you
8Do you not see games making themselves worse by dumbing down their mechanics to chase the COD crowd?
0Seems like kind of circular logicmicrosoft is responsible for the dumb cod loving crowdwhydon't you see that there's a big market for dumb cod-like games now?
0so blame the lazy developers chasing the COD crowdb-but COD!
0These people wouldn't be playing video games if Microsoft didn't bring them into gaming in 2000.
9prove it
blurred the dividing line between console and PC gamingushered in western dominance in the industrypopularized online multiplayer and DLC on consoles
8I know this is bait but it's true. The dudebro fanbase is really a myth, most people who play "dudebro" games are really just old fans who were brainwashed by Microsoft's witchcraft/psychological manipulation marketing tactics. The people who say they don't hurt TRUE videogame fans by making money off new customers is FALSE, just LOOK AROUND YOUpic related9† † † THERE, PROOF THE DEVIL IS HERE, SHILLING THEIR PRODUCTS. THE POWER OF CHRIST COMPELS YOU † † †
6Don't forget about them moneyhating Sega/Nintendo employees, and literally brute forcing themselves into the market, thus pushing Nintendo out as a superpower of the industry. Those are the real crime of Microsoft.
9Microsoft can do Nintendo's job better and make more moneyis the bad guyBusiness is business
4That's funny because every single Dudebro I knew in the early 2000s owned a PS2 so they could play madden and watch Happy Gilmore on DVD, and now they own PS4s to play Destiny and watch GoT. It's almost as if people buy things that are popular.
9Microsoft is to blame for Nintendo's failures!Do you faggots ever stop making excuses for your favorite faceless corporation?
4Call of Duty and Madden are selling more on the PS4mfw PS4 is the new dude bro console
5I feel like this place has selective memory and a lot of kids who weren't old enough to witness that time period as an adult.
2Well yeah, you don't start forming memories until you are like 3 or so.
0You need to read the Dolphin Story, Microsoft spent insane amount of advertising. 5This I never understand the idea that PS2 was a japanese weeb machine. It's like everybody forgot how well Madden and GTA sold on the PS2.
If Xbox didn't come in when Dreamcast was bleeding out, it would have just been PS2 vs Gamecube. GCN was woefully underpowered and neither would have introduced decent online gaming that gen. Who knows if the Wii is even able to come out with how much more of a failure GCN would have been.
4Blame the PS1 for that.
4this is what Sonyponies actually believe
4I have no allegiance to corporations faggot.I just like good games.Something that Microsoft killed.
4That's funny because the PS1 brought about LOL CINEMATIC EXPERIENCE while every single dudebro and poor mexican family in the early 2000s had a fucking PS2.
0They didn't kill anything.
4They brought the dudebroswhat is madden?what is GTA?what is socom?
2but Ps2 had PIXAR GRAPHICS
4question...what in the fuck is a dudebro?i hear it regularly but exactly what is it? is it just the strictly male portion of casuals or what
0But Microsoft brought Morrowind to console, picked up the shattered remains of the Dreamcast, and brought us Ninja Gaiden Black.
5there were good games in the past 10 yearsLOOK AROUND YOUOOKAROUNDYOU
0And how did they manage that exactly?
Friendly reminder, no matter which company you blame, it all points down to Jews.
4You idiot it's the fact you assholes always buy sequels and actually don't buy different games. Dude bros are being dude bros but you probably buy the cod games also. I bet you bought the new witcher
1What are you rambling about?
8I'll never understand these phrases.casualsdudebrosplebsJust play fucking video games and if you don't like a video game, move on to the next game. This argument is invalid because people love video games.The reason you believe this is because video games are the leading entertainment business around the world. So you know what happens when something grows in the business world? People come to it to see what's up.The people that hopped along the video game train are simply people who are looking to have some fun every now and again, let your egotistical views go you arrogant fucker.
4GCN was woefully underpowered Who started this meme? Gamecube shits on the PS2.
9I've never bought CODI don't buy dudebro casual garbage
8not xbox team and sony bothYeah, segmenting the industries userbases for the sake of shitty consoles that aren't needed anymore. The cost of PC parts is very low in terms of console tier power and monthly payment plans could make them cheap for retards who think consoles cost less than 700$ in the long run. The segmentation ensures that your consumerbase is limited. There is no reason to have these wannabe PCs trying to monopolize shit. They haven't innovated a god damn thing other than nintendo. Nintendo actually tries to make consoles, not "LUK AT MUH POWER" wannabe PCs. But of course not, console fags will continue to literally fight for their console master of choice. They will actively seek out and criticize the competition.
1There were good games in the last 10 yearsYes, yes there were, now jump off the "I am edgy and hate video games" bandwagon, I need to change out the shocks thanks to your fat ass.
7brought morrowind to consoleHow is that a good thing? Bethesda popped out a dumbed down sequel and it would have labored in relative obscurity, possibly but probably not forcing them to cater to the pc crown and avoid further dumbing down...instead it caught on with the console crowed and look where that has lead us. If the dumbing down had stopped with Morrowind, TES would be okay...but it didn't. That was enough for the run of the mill PC mouthbreathers who can't handle a real RPG but not the consolebabbies who needed fucking Oblivion and then Skyrim.Oh man, and let's not even get into the omen of doom that move laid out for Fallouts future.
8Being this butt blasted.
5Nigger I can't fucking play video games because every goddamn series I loved is dead and the future is bleak because dudebros killed this fucking industry.
4GCN was woefully underpoweredGamecube was more powerful than PS2
yfw OP thread backfire
6MS and the success of the XB has contributed to:Day one patching and buggy as shit games being thrown in consumers faces due to XBLMade paying for P2P service acceptable due to the success of XBLMade DLC acceptable XBLMade platform exclusive bonuses outfits etc acceptable due to trying to win players over on multiplat shit.Equipped every retard, mouthbreather, and 12 year old with a microphone.Made ads in the fucking system menu acceptable.tl;dr Microsoft is literally the cancer that is killing gaming.
4That happened long before the 360When I was a kid everyone was playing age of empires, then Jak and Daxter and GTA before going on to Halo 3
6muh ensemble studios
3It was consoles fault that Oblivion and Skyrim were dumbed down and not the fact that everyone hate MISS MISS MISS and jumping in place for hours to level up Acrobatics
8obvious thread made to start a flamewar.Report and hide.
8OP wasn't born when the Sega Genesis was the dude bro console
7Yes it's retards faults that games are worse now and more casualized.
Where did the years go?
8Ensemble went broke partially because they decided to spend an insane ammount of money for a huge new studio without any contracts to back them up.
my fucking face when the complete 180 /v/ has done concerning Microsoft in the last two months
3No you fucking autistic fuck, it's because people moved on. The people who were once part of your favorite game community have moved on to new shit because they aren't stuck dwelling on the past.Grow the fuck up. The future isn't bleak, it is called expanding your interests. LOOK FOR SOMETHING instead of fucking criticizing everything.
4This is all wrong, like there's not a single fact in the whole post
4I don't buy dude bro casual garbage he says to himself as his persona 4 game loads
4because of consolefags
9Yes I should totally be accepting of games costing 100 dollars now, they're shorter and easier than ever too.But hey, you're not allowed to be upset about how shit the industry is right?Enjoy your AAA DLC cancer future.
3Why don't you play revolution 60, I heard that's better than civilization 5.
I still refuse to buy an Xbox because I dislike the company that makes it. Only beaten by Google, Microsoft is the worst technology company I can think of.
0Microsoft personally funded a bunch of niche Japanese games for huge and the 360 for the start of it's life while Sony and Nintendo refused to give them shit
0hating googleHipsters hoooooo
6Yeah and then they jumped ship when they realized dudebros don't care about games like those
0You seriously like Apple more? At least Microsoft made Windows 7. Apple has done MUCH MUCH worse things to the electronics market than Microsoft's "monopolies" with Office.
1Made p2p service acceptableWhat are MMOs?Made DLC acceptableAre you implying Expansion packs are any different than DLC?Made platform exclusive bonuses outfits etc acceptable due to trying to win players over on multiplat shit.And where exactly is your proof that MS is somehow responsible for this and now Gamestop/BestBuy/etc who actually make the money from it?Encouraged people to talk and have fun when playing Video gamesI guess it's Sonys fault that their laptops come with Mics so I have to listen to 12 year olds bitching about the AWP.
1That's because of the budget increases with each generation, not because of Microsoft
6No one hear has been talking about prices you shit stain, you are only embarrassing yourself right now. We are talking about what you consider "dudebro" games. There are literally thousands upon thousands of games with passionate communities that could easily fit your interests that don't cost hundreds of dollars.No one hear is okay with games costing hundreds, we are talking about the context of certain games you mother fucking idiot. Get the fuck off the board.
0Really you can't find good games? Are you like 4 years in the past? Dude bros is just a buzzword used by neckbeards who obsess over the fallout series but for some unironic reaso, their obsession is wrong but yours is okay... They just stick to cod. You shit up any good game by posting x game is a shit Just to be edgy
2P2P means peer to peer. ie: You're paying for shit service.
0it's popular so it must be dude bro
29Fuck off Microsoft marketers
7blurred the dividing line between consoles and PC gamingmfw console kiddies actually believe this
2DLC =! Expansion packDLC = small addtion to the gameExpansion pack = Large addition to the game, usually as big or nearly as big as the main game.
2PS1 brought about LOL CINEMATIC EXPERIENCEHow so? Were you even born when the PSX came out?
7If MMOs aren't shit service than I don't know what is. Also last time I checked, XBL doesn't go down every five minutes like every other consoles online service.
3HURR ITS LE MARKETERS ANYONE THAT DISAGREES WITH ME MUST BE PAID TO DO SOYou're hilarious.
3Still shitposting because you are oblivious to the truth that is glaring in front of your goddamn eyes?Go fuck off back into the early 2000's. I've been playing video games for 16 years and I love all of my past games and still play them but I don't dwell on the shit and let it impact my view on good games today.
5kill yourself you faggot
Its kind of true. Microsoft really pushed for online integration and are the reason behind modern. DRM. Halo popularized microtranactional garbage map packs etc outside of Korean MMOs. Their jewery certainly put a massive stain on the industry which has yet to he wiped off.
2This buttmad lawl
5I'm a shit eating casual faggot you should be too
82Samefag. The PSX did neither of those things. If you think it did, give examples.
$60 price tag thanks to Xbox 360Paid online for consoles Thanks to Xbox 360CODDLC up the assNeed i go on?
2lawlNo seriously kill yourself.
3So are you saying weebs and casuals are buying all that COD and Madden?
3Paid online for consoles Thanks to Xbox 360XBL  free PSN
2lawl
6Mouthwash with some buckshot plz
3he thinks games were cheap before the 360 rolled aroundHow old are you?
8Fix your detector you gratuitous faggot
7This. XBL was light years ahead of features and stability. PSN was a fucking joke that got everyones credit card and address out in the open. If $5 a month is the cost of not getting hacked and not going down weekly, its a necessary evil
5Yeah because sales numbers don't lie.Or are you admitting that they control the market?
4That was the PS2PS2 was normies, dudebros, weebs, core gamers, children, it had everything, but the dudebros thrived there for the first time.Xbox OG didnt have dudebros, to contrary belief, it was full of shit-talkers, bros, and the type of people who liked niche PC gamesGamecube was core gamers, Nintendo fans, and childrenThe dudebros then gravitated to the 360, and again, werent even plaguing Halo and Gears, but CoD4/Madden/Fifa onwards
6halonot dude bro central. Okay you're done talking
6Gow was like the dude bro power fantasy and it was a subpar game at best
I love the Xbone simply because it triggers the gaystation kids so badly.You sony brats are the worst fanbase in gaming history. No one else even comes close. Everything about you is wrong and your should feel bad about yourself every day.
5The original Halo really didn't have that big of a dudebro following. It was Halo 2 that really picked that up. Halo was just plain popular.
5People paid borderline 300 bucks just to play HaloNot near where I lived. Everyone I knew that had an original Xbox played a shitton of Rainbow Six and Steel Battalion meanwhile all the PS2 people played Madden and DVDs.
5Its always been CoD and Madden, always, Halo is nowhere near as dudebro as its perceived, it had a very varied community.
7Gears is subparSomeone is shit at wallbouncing
5Halo is not really that dudebro, Halo 1 is no dudebro. Halo 4 did get a dudebro audience though during the shittest years of the 360.
7you clearly never got gud
6shit-talkers, bros, and the type of people who liked niche PC gameskek, these are me and it was true. the OG xbox had a great community as long as you could handle the bants. forza, conker, halo, stubbs, otogi, jet set radio future, outrun 2, phantasy star online, ninja gaiden, dead or alive, steel batallion, mechassault. the xbox is fucking great, no matter what nintendo autists or sonyggers want you to believe.
7gearssubparAs Baird would say, eat shit and die.
7If Gears is dudebro power fantasy then so is Warhammer 40K Space Marine.
I love the Xbox One. It's the best console this generation and there's nothing you can do about it.
9I don't have any to give you, but a noose is easy enough to make anon, now get to it.
0No voodoo vinceI just wish more people would play that game, such comfy atmosphere.
7gears is a mix of everything, always has been. gears has competitive gamers, dudebros and elitis fags and that is a reason why it remains a great title
/v/ has intelligent Gears and Halo fansI dont know what to think, the elitist in me wants to tell you guys to fuck off, but the respect I have for you to stand your ground is also formidable.
8I like how you focus on that part of the post and completely ignore the part that's calling your bluff about the "PS1".
0its phils favourite game, and hes already said the next game at E3 hes going to announce is very meaningful to himexpect a sequel, screencap this.fucking good OST as well
1Gears an Halo essentially killed two genres, so they should fuck off.
5Literally every dudebro ive ever known thought Halo was nerd shit, one referred to the Needlers as "pussy pink pew pew guns"
7It had a dudebro /casual following along with actual gamers0my anecdotes says youre wrong5Halo is pretty bro
0Sony now charges $5 a month more if you want to play ps3 games and still goes down every weekXbl is still surprisingly ahead of Sony. Paid doesn't mean good, but Microsoft knows what it's doing.
1MGS and can be argued, and yes the PS1 is responsible for "Cinematic experiences" since it made Discs a widely used medium which allowed long cut scenes, not that cartridges are all that better, but nintendo surely wouldn't have used the extra space on the disc to put cutscenes around every corner.
6gears killed the TPS genregears literally made the TPS genre have a glorious comeback and revolutionized cover in video gameshalo killed the FPS genrehalo was around in 2001Go fuck yourself you dick eater.
4Too underaged to remember the PS1. Or even the SEGA Genesis.
6they were two of the best of the genres so I hate them.You have issues
0couldn't finish due to shittiness Even if john dimaggio did voice act it wasn't worth it0needing to be good at a shit tier dudebro game90Butthurt Gow fansAnd 40k isn't because there's other races besides space marinea
6Cover systems didnt kill anything.Halo 1 had a traditional health system, and even then its not like regenerating health killed FPS'Brown, uninspired modern warfare military simulators with iron sights and killstreaks killed their respective genres. Gears was guilty of being brown and gritty, that was it
6muh anecdotes
8what are the locustwhat are the lambent
8other races besides space marinesGears doesn't have space marines and there are the locust, lambent etc.Go fuck yourself.40k isnt this because...bu-but because of this reason right here!
8only plays the campaign of a game mainly loved for its multiplayer hurr it's shit8gears doesn't have other racesOkee dokee
4The PS2 was the first dudebro console, what the fuck are you talking about?
0i played it but fucking hated it. the atmosphere and music were nice.0i forgot to add project gotham racing, panzer dragoon orta, sega gt, jade empire, and shenmue 2. third party support was fucking excellent, used to play a lot of call of duty, brothers in arms, star wars battlefront and republic commando, midnight club, and burnout too. I never realized how hard sega worked on the system, its a shame some of their best games are on xbox, a system that had a short lifespan and under 30 million sales.
6Gears and Halo popularized things, they didnt kill them. Lazy developers just took what they did and made shitty games, they were never actually shit because of their regenerating health or cover systems i.e Uncharted and Vanquish and RDR and plenty of other great games have both have both its because of lazy developers thinking that just ripping them off would result in a good game.
5The Dolphin StoryDifferent anon.Google gives me nothing for that except kids books.
4not having any reading comprehension.Fucking retarded
8Gears didn't have other racesHe forgot that gears had hedgehogs
6They popularized shit mechanicsErgo they killed genres because of their shit mechanics
0not reading what was posted 
8Agreed.
6This annoys me to no end, its like when people say WoW killed the MMO, carbon copies are what killed the MMO.But I do agree that CoD harmed the entire industry, because it sat there all fat and gross and refused to go away, poisoned everything even things outside of the FPS, stopped many people even bothering with other games, appealed to the lowest common denominator, used things that were already universally shit such as boring gritty war and excessive QTE's etc, etc, etc,
2gears has shit mechanicsYou're fucking trolling now. Not even taking anymore of your b8.
6hide behind chest high walls is a good mechanic
7What the fuck is your dumbass talking about now?
2hurr i am so stupid i cannot even learn how to utilize a games mechanics the there full potential
2Doom is responsible for keycard huntsMetroid is responsible for boring backtrackingMGS is responsible for neverending cutscenesGTA3 is responsible for boring openworld gamesD is responsible for walking simulators and indie horror gamesBelieve it or not, the first kid to make fart noises with his hands is not responsible for the kid micspamming it in CSGO
2Regen and cover are not shit mechanics in themself, its shit games that are shit, their are plenty of great games that use both such as Deus Ex: HRPeople like to blame them like its some sort of instant boogeyman gamebreaker, theyre really not, if you stopped playing Red Dead Redemption because your health came back and you could take cover, you have autism.
9Is it past the retards bed time?
People who say Gears sucks havent done all 3 games in coop with a bro and then learned all the exploits and tactics for multiplayer. I'm sorry for you nintendrones or sony/pcucks who weren't there in gears' prime.
Why are Sony fans always so full of hate?Don't hate, participate! XBOX!
0Health regen is shit and it's never acceptable
6Poor b8 m8
From what I have learned from all those anti MS threads is that MS make many things right and successful but people hate them because others are copying it wrong and to much.
6Implying quicksave battles are any different
3Gears' prime was the first game, which was on PC. 2 was complete shite.
6Health Regen was around looooong before Halo and Gears. I guess you being born in 2002 you wouldn't understand this.
0it, and weep.
9No it wasn't.
6I seriously believe that some games would be fucking awful without regen, such as Uncharted.Its different with the early Tomb Raiders because there is much more timing and positioning and its alot more slow paced, but if the fast and fluid jumping in Uncharted was ruined because I had to keep looking for healthpacks, it would be shit
5It's just a google search away shit stain."The origins of the recharging health mechanic date back to action role-playing games, or action RPGs, of the 1980s. The first video game to use a form of regenerating health was Punch-Out in early 1984. In late 1984, Hydlide introduced the regenerating health mechanic in a more modern form, where the player escapes damage for a set amount of time in order to recover health. This mechanic then went on to appear in the popular Ys series from 1987 onwards. However, this mechanic was rarely used outside of the action RPG genre until the 2000's.Halo: Combat Evolved is sometimes credited for the first appearance of regenerating health in action games. However, not only was it not the first, but it did not even have regenerating health. Halo featured a traditional health system, as it was the player's energy shields that regenerated. Subsequent games in the series, starting with Halo 2, added true regenerating health, although the original system made a return appearance in Halo 3: ODST and continued on in Halo: Reach."
5Yes it was you dumb fuck.
3Why make a single player option then? It sounds like laziness
6you're either a neckbeard doom quake loyalist who will never like videogames again or a prepubescent contrarian who still makes "1 justin bieber fan disliked this" youtube comments
2Uncharted is a shitty game anyway
3Huh? He means it's naturally just more fun playing and beating something with a friend at your side.
6You aren't cool for disliking health regen, even on /v/ no-one cares about it.
Xbone has tons of games and ps4 only has Dude Raider.
5Health regen has been around since the 80s in ARPGs, you dunderfuck. Halo just popularized it.
3well, oblivion was shit because of other things than console optimized menus. and dont deny the fact that there are mods to remove everything that has to do with consoles. your argument is invalid.
7But again why add single player if it was ment to be played with friends?
9all this cancer defending halo and health regenMy fucking god I hope you all get AIDS for what you've done to my hobb
OP is right Xbox has always been for niggers and faggots0Yeah I will be over here enjoying Bloodborne, Persona 5, Senran Kagura, Disgaea, Onechanbara, Kingdom Hearts and all my other weeb games you dudebro faggot.
7Can you literally not play a game with health regeneration? Fucking hell thats just bonafide autism and no-ones fault but your own genes.
0This logic is so flawed on every level. It is an option, it isn't mandatory. Just how you don't need to play multiplayer in games if you don't want to.
0Because there are people who don't have friends.
8Don't tell me you're one of those dopes who thinks Microsoft's last-gen effort in trying to grab the Nip audience by funding all those 360 JRPGS killed the JRPG genre are you?
5Is it wrong that I don't like casual garbage that you've obviously played since you were a child you fucking 7th gen child?
4They brought the dudebros into gaming that buy all the AAA garbage like COD and Madden.The dudebros came into gaming as a natural progression from gaming being mainstream long enough for every single kid who grew up with them to like them, regardless of clique. The main thing to blame there would be the success of the NES making gaming as relevant as it has been since the '80s. But if you're talking in terms of sheer marketability, the first Playstation's ad campaigns were really what broke the floodgates there. As for the latter part, Madden's been around since the 16-bit era and CoD started out on PC. 4If Xbox didn't come in when Dreamcast was bleeding outThat was the Playstation 2. Dreamcast was dead by the time Xbox released.
8Microsoft's last-gen effort in trying to grab the Nip audience by funding all those 360 JRPGSAll of those games were fucking garbage Japan shitted out for a quick buck to MS before porting over to PS3 with better graphics and extra shit
1Edge out the wazu with thisone6But no, why make an experience incomplete unless you play with a friend?The game should be fun with one or two people. It's not flawed, you're just wrong
1nothing but weeb gameskek
1Kingdom HeartsIt's multiplatOnechanbarapaying for pornDisgaeaPaying for boredomPersonaPaying 60 bucks for a visual novel with watered down SMT combatBloodbornePaying for variety-less DaS/DeS
1One of my very first games was Punch Out actually, it had regen health
1You're calling others children but you thought health regen started with Halo and Gears of War, you're not fooling anyone.
02ANIME IS BAD!!!!!Spotted the underage Xbox redditors
7Doesn't answer my question.Why make a game where the experience is complete on single, why not throw that option out?
0It is fun without friends. I played all 4 games by myself and had a metric fuck ton of fun. Naturally like pretty much anything, playing with a buddy makes the experience more enjoyable. How can you not see this?
6Lost Odyssey was badBlue Dragon was Bad
1lol at this weeaboo loser
7Anime is badNope, just your shit taste, this can be exemplified by the fact that you play babbies first SMT. :^
1Xbox baby this shitter shatteredGo back to Facebook and get off my board
1bigot weeaboo with shit taste /v/ - Video Games
6Actually the 360 had better japanese games than the PS3. The PS3 only had crap like Neptunia while the 360 was getting Lost Odyssey, Blue Dragon and Tales of Vesperia. By the end of the gen the PS3 had Dragon's Crown though.
7Oh it's a salty nintendo kid who is still upset that Atlus will never release a Persona game for Wii ULol, just lol
8consumers are to blame, for supporting poor practice like paying for uncompleted buggy games, preordering, and buying dlc that should have been part of the game to begin with. These people exist on all platforms and you're probably one of them.
2I haven't owned a console since 6th gen, you retard. You're trying too hard to fit in and it's making you look like a dipshit. Just stop posting.
217Jesus christ, why are you people so psychopathic? That last post cut off in rage
9But the post was your playing them wrong, you need to replay all 3 with a friend. It shouldn't be less of an experience being single player
8I have a PS3, why would I give a shit about a PieceofShit4? I'm sure Atlus will take advantage of the Power Of The PS4™ because I need them extra grafix to really feel like I have friends this time around. Only good thing Pstudio has ever made was Catherine.
4Damn it must suck to be poor and salty
Actually ignorant OP, Microsoft is but one of a long line of businesses that have entered the videogame console field for the sole purpose of making money, resulting in widespread community splits. Blaming a central figure for the problems of many is your way of making yourself feel better for your flagrant disregard of fun over aesthetic and useless goddamn politics. You are but one piece of a larger picture which keeps gaming from it's true purpose by injecting your beliefs and corrupting the industry. You actually think fun is a buzzword and it disgusts me that you would even be allowed to keep a brain.
3I think I had a discussion with that same faggot a couple of hours ago, he called me a casual and a millenial or some other shit.
4PoorNope, just not retarded enough to buy a nogamestation4 since I already have a WiiU, Xbone, and PC.
3ocarina of time was 75€, calculating inflation, tax rise and ye olde currency. without all those considered it would be 69,4€ so what the fuck are you talking about? mmos charged you for online play way before xbox came in and was much more expensive 15 bucks a mont vs 35 muneyz a year if you buy the code off ebay before cod it was counterstrike 1.3 and fifa everybody was playing. with dlc its your niggas own fault if you buy it. i play games since the nes, had almost every console on the market and always a potent pc and i never bought dlc. if you stop buying they stop bringin this shit.
0Microsoft is but one of a long line of businesses that have entered the videogame console field for the sole purpose of making moneyAs opposed to spreading joy and planting flowers. Fuck you're an idiot.
MS is the worst IT company ever, the entire company is built around invading new markets with cheap but poor quality products and trying to destroy the industry so they can buy out the remains and get a monopoly.You couldn't even start a company like MS these days, they were so focused on making cheap clones of things in their early days they would have just been sued if they tried it today.Unlike some other companies with dubious starts that grew up as they get bigger MS never changed. Other big companies involved in video games are far from nice but they aren't purely malicious like MS.Facebook is the only other big IT company I loathe dealing with as much as MS.
8No not really. Sony is to blame if anything
7PS3 hasVesperia PS3Graces FXillia 1 and 2ZestiriaNi No KuniKH Final remixesFFX InternationalStar Ocean 5Kiseki Just Neptunia huh...?
4The experience is defined by you, the player. Holy fucking shit you are about to send me into a fucking rage. How can you not see something right in front of your goddamn face? It is NATURAL to enjoy something more with a FRIEND. That doesn't mean the game is cut back in any fucking way, a lot of people like playing with friends, a lot of people like playing alone. Goddamn man.
2Bull fucking shit.
8Sega introduced DLCSony introduced dudebrosEA introduced annualization of shitty gamesSteam introduced buggy meme gamesMicrosoft introduced Kinect and DRM that never took offI mean, theyve definitely profited off shitty microtransactions and uninspired shit with Don Mattrick, but they havent really done that much. All you can really hold MS responsible for is consoles using broadband, hard drives and a bunch of games trying to be Halo killers.
6Remasters don't count.Vesperia not localized.Graces F, Xillia 1 and 2, and Zestiria being complete shit not worth mentioning.I guess Ni No Kuni was good...? Keep buying those shittunias.
2No, you're just adhering to a system that no longer works right. Get with the times, capitalism needs to die so something better can take it's place.
1Microsoft are responsible for the first three.
someone actually made an anti-MS conspiracy thread to counteract my "Xbone doesn't seem that bad" threadautismal losers are throwing shit-fits left and right across bothI am chaos incarnate.
SEGA  NINTENDO  MICROSOFT  SONY
7Still didn't explain why Gow was lackluster on single player
0Actually ignorant OP, Microsoft is but one of a long line of businesses that have entered the videogame console field for the sole purpose of making money, resulting in widespread community splits.Microsoft was never in it for money, they wanted to destroy consoles before they could offer any sort of general purpose computing platform for consumers. It's why they behave so badly. They thought computing on your TV would be the main post PC option but everyone bought smarphones instead.
I hate Microsoft as much as the next guy but Nintendo is to blame. release cheap shitty console with a bunch of peripheralscasuals go crazy over itsuddenly there's a huge market for casual scummicrosoft and sony see this shit and spend millions developing their own shitty peripheralsno one gives a fuck about any of this and just want new games
8Capitalism needs to dieTumblr gifSure is faggots all right.4MS is responsible for DLC and dudebros
7Now it's the same crap with virtual reality.
6killed off Segaone of the biggest innovators in the industryintroduced the concept of selling consoles on gimmicks like CD and DVD thereby making consoles less about games and more about "hardware" which is pretty dumb since PC's will always be superiorThe PS1 and 2 have great game libraries but aside from that Sony fucked up hard with the PSP, PS3 and Vita, the only reason PS4 is selling is because it caught the casual audiences attention when Xbone shat itself in 2013 at its reveal conferenceAside from that Sony hasn't done jack shit to improve this industry. Just bring in more casual filth. Microsoft isn't the greatest but alot of the 360 shit fanbase and dudebros all had PS2's but said fuck no to paying 600$ for a console so they went to 360 and then to PS4
7MS is responsible for DLC and dudebrosYep.
3What in gods fucking name are you talking about? I never once said it was lacking anything. The singeplayer is fine for me and I had a un time doing it alone. All games lack something and can be improved on. Fuck off with your strawman posts.
4Sega started DLC off on the Dreamcast, no ifs, no buts, MS took that legacy like they did with alot of the Dreamcast but they definitely didnt create it.Sony always made deals with EA sports and tried to push games that were gritty and that resembled movies with the PS2, as good as GTA 3 is it was that shit combined with the Madden games that kept the dudebros comingThere is literally only one game Microsoft has managed to annualize and its Forza, the last original installment of Halo was 2012.
6Oh boy the virtual reality thing hasn't even begun yet. All 3 companies should actually invest into new IPs instead of wasting money on shit like this.It's so obvious this morpheus thing is going to have a price high as fuck and no one is going to buy it. Same deal with fucking Kinect. It's like they ignore that when Nintendo innovated they did so in a really cheap way.
2we will never get a Dreamcast 2Sega are doomed to whoring themselves out for all eternity
7how is Microsoft responsible for annual installments? like only one of their franchises has come out every year, the last real fable game was five years ago man
7all DLC is badNah fuck that noise.
4Stop evading
4Explain.Oh wait, you can't because you're full of shit
0Yes.It is.Because it's shit that should have been in the game in the first place you fucking child.
8HaloAll signs of cancer in the industry point back to Halo.
2That's the case for day one DLC but DLC released months after the initial game release? No, don't be fucking stupid.
3Oh, so the dudebros just morph into hardcore gamers as soon as they buy a PS4? Sonyggers are so delusional. If you play the most popular console you have to expect the community to be shit. At the very least you have to expect the community to be full of casuals. You can't seriously be so stupid that you think PS4s high sales are due to the high number of hardcore gamers in the world.
8Back in my day those were called expansion packs.And they were actually worth money.Not this DLC shit they try and give us nowadays.
6the fat Xbox was the Dreamcast 2Peter MooreJSRFProject Gotham RacingShenmueXbox Live built from Segas old onlineMS got all their early knowledge from working with the DreamcastThe controller
7MUH HALO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR MY CHILD BEING MURDERED AND QUAKE BEING DED MAYMAY
They introduced pay2online.
6Halo is the cause of dudebros, casualization, and DLC.
7Are you having a casting for the wizard of Oz with that strawman?
7Yes, Halo 1 had microtransactions, SJW's and was unfinished, it was all Halo.
4Implying Dudebros never existed before HaloImplying there were NO casual games before HaloImplying that NO OTHER GAME EVER had DLC before Halo
7Since when did Halo have microtransactions?
1Halo baby just admit you killed the industry and the FPS genre already.This is getting quite sad.
4You've been spouting this shit all night and the only facts you can come up with arei said it so it is trueGo fuck yourself.
4Halo caused dudebrosYet Madden, Fifa, GTA, and CoD sold more than it and have more dudebros playing themCasualizationOh, I get it, you're one of those retards who think if a game isn't Quake it is MUH CASUAL SHIT WAH WHY IS MY FRANCHISE DEAD AND A F2P GAME NOWI'm sure it has nothing to do with the autistic fanbase at allDLCImplying that wasn't Elder ScrollsImplying that wasn't Street FighterImplying that wasn't MMOsImplying that wasn't Sega
0Explain how in depth, first of all how Halo killed the industry, and why you're shitposting on a board for a thing you think is dead anyway.
1Go on..
0But people are literally showing you that DLC has existed before Halo was conceived and you are lying to yourself that there wasn't games marketed to casuals before Halo.I am going to admit something though I am taking bait it seems.
4dudebrosGTAcasualizationCasual games existed before HaloDLCDreamcast
6Halo caused the downfall of the industry into a casual shitfest. It made regenerating health and slow paced gameplay to be popular.
9dreamcastbefore Halo
8Madden and Fifa existed a long time before Halo did.Mario and Pac-Man and Space Invaders existed a long time before Halo didThe Dreamcast existed before Halo did
3Okay, and what games do you like to play?
66Mario and Pac-Man and Space Invaders existed a long time before Halo didThe difference is, those games are good.
4Game does something different, perhaps even refreshingMakes it successfulEvery other game for the next five years copy it poorly, saturating the market with shitty imitationsBlames the initial successor for this, not the parasites trying to make an easy buck off of retardsI'll never understand this. People shit on one game or another for this trend, and it's always dudebros this and demographics that and expanding to a wider audience. You realize an equal, hell, maybe even more of the blame can be put on developers and publishers selling out their fanbases for quick bucks. Honestly I don't see it as the consumer base's fault, at the end of the day it's a product, but if you're a fan of a series that's been casualized I'd be more mad at the makers than anyone else for whoring out.
3Nigga Halo didn't get DLC until Halo 2, released 5 years after the Dreamcast launched. Nigga, you retarded.
4Poster confirmed as non Australian white person.
2Unfortunately because every skill based FPS is dead due to Halo and COD, i'm forced to play CSGO because it's the closest thing to an actual skilled based FPS in 2015.
7Not knowing about the new Unreal
3Call me when it's past alpha.
7WAHHHH MUH SKILL BASED SHOOTERWAHHHHH IM A FAGGOT
4Sony ponys have in PS2-3-4 a GTA as their best selling game.also, PS3-4 have multiplats in their Top 10 and 1 exclusive.Eat shit.you can eat shit now and die.
7Okay, theres alot of games that meet your "skill based" criteria that exist outside of CSGO if by skill based you mean no health regen, which is stupid because Halo still requires reflexes and skill The industry isn't dead, you're just mad something you dont like is popular.
7implying people don't still play Quake, UT99implying there isn't a new Unreal coming outimplying there aren't other fast paced FPS games out right nowA bloo bloo bloo. Open more cases, faggot.
382this fucking stockholm syndromeJesus christ why are you defending an industry that has tried to fuck you over at every turn
7What is new UnrealWhat are the metric shitton of nostalgia pandering arena FPS released recentlyImplying the Arena fanbases will ever play a new FPS instead of just playing Q3 because autism
3No comment on any of the other games I mentioned that are the PS3's crowning glory such as Kiseki games, Star Ocean 5 or KH, FFX directors cutsShits on all other Tales on the system not VesperiaButt-hurt VesperiaPS3fag detected! Don't you have something better to do then to shit on any other JRPG that isn't Vesperia? Go back to Bamco's Facebook begging for a 6 year old port or whatever it is you Vesperia worshipers do during your free time.
4Because those posters don't have a serious persecution complex?
7If youre the same guy who said Halo introduced DLC and dudebros but excessively play CSGO you can go fuck yourself and choke on your irony
5halo baby is this mad
4because I view videogames as enjoyment and not malicious creatures?
5this pathetic attempt at damage control
5But he has a point. Micro transactions, even on things that are cosmetic is shit on a game you already pay for anyway. Plus, dudebros are fucking everywhere on all versions of CS. Maybe not CS:S
0I view them as enjoyment too.And I hate the casualized trash the industry has become.94map packs are the same as skins that have no effect on the game
5No im entirely serious, if you mock Halo but actively play the most micro-transactioned, casual, MLG, dudebro ridden shooter of today your mouth should be sewn shut permanently.
7Are you sure you don't want to buy the Operation Bloodhound Season Pass anon? It's only 5.99USD!
6halo baby calling anyone else casual
9Take a step back.Think for a second.You play CS: GO.
4micro transactions are goodit means that other people fund games that i like and i get to enjoy the game for cheap/free
9GObabby calling others casual
7enjoyment and casual in the same sentence being used against each otherJesus Christ go fucking kill yourself, play video games and fuck off withcasuls ruin geamin 4 me
89You have to be 18 to post here halo babbies.Isn't it past your bedtime?
9I dont even play Halo regularly, you just genuinely have no say in the industry if you're of the windowlicking demographic of the CS:GO you pathetic fuck.
3a dude bro is a doritos eating, dew drinking, cod/madden playing casual
2If it was about DOTA 2 or TF2 being free games with micro transactions concerning cosmetics, I would agree. But something irks me with pay 2 play games having it.
8People that were 3 years old when Halo came out are 18 you moron. It's almost as if time passes, and people grow up, you know other than manchildren like you.
6Once again, because of Halo and COD, CSGO is the closest thing to a populated skill based FPS.Thank you for killing the industry.6Yeah man I should be completely fine with the way games are now.Who cares that modern games are press 1 button to win right?
9YOU PLAY COUNTERSTRIKETHE COD BEFORE IT WAS CODAND THE MOST DLC DUDEBRO DRIVEN VERSION TO BOOTYOUR OPINION MEANS NOTHING
8Halo offers a sampaign, co-op, multiplayer, custom map creator mode, firefight and DLC along the line.CS:GO offers tryhard multiplayer only and shit loads of microtransactions.
4That webmyes, and I can beat quake and Doom by circlestrafing. Your point?
4gets BTFO'la la la can't hear you'
4Quit fucking nit picking shit brain. Find good fucking games and support them. Fuck you.
6I have.To bad dudebros have caused those games to die.
4populated skill based FPS.do your buzzwords mean "kwl shooter with no health regen and a community" if so their are fucking BILLIONS of them, you ironically picked the most casual and streamlined of them all.I cant believe this shit, its like someone saying LoL made MOBAS casual so they have to play Heroes of the Storm
OP, you just didn't dig deep enough to know how majestically M$ fucked up whole generations of gamers,developers etc..Oddworld,Halo,kotor, were supposed to be multiplat XboxHueg+PS2+pc, but Oddworld slowly died on Hueg, with 15 years later this desperate reboot,also Halo was actually a good gameAlan Wake was game more similar to Silent Hill+GTA than what it becomethanks to x360they force devs to play games with joypads while develop , now we have this 4 weapon or 2x4 weapon rule of a thumb,also shitty movement and huge cross-hairsProblem with M$ is they take some popular IP and make it his hostage, while Sony at least funds new IP that would not exist if they did not cash out Bloodborne, Dark Souls is still multiplat.M$ tried to steal Silent Hill franchise for 2 bill $ instead to create their own IPs2 bill $ is enough to make 2-3 good IPs even in most incompetent hands.
5Dudebros caused Tribes:Ascend to dieAt least, I think that's what you're saying, it's hard to tell because the wheel running hamster powering your brain is starting to limp and cause you to type like an illiterate.
9there was never any silent hill dealalsowhat is ori and the blind forestwhat is d4what is voodoo vincewhat is mechassaultwhat is crackdownand hey fuck, whilst were at itwhat is halo
3Tribes died becaues hirez chased after the casual MOBA crowd
5Well fuck off back to your anime shit games. I'll just be sitting here relaxing playing myself some Halo and gears after they release this year, Nothing more fun than coming home after work and enjoying myself a good time on some games and not wanting to try my fucking ass off to get anywhere.
33Nothing more fun than coming home after work and enjoying myself a good time on some games and not wanting to try my fucking ass off to get anywhere.And this is exactly what's wrong with the modern industry.Fuck you and everything you stand for.
4Which was brought about by blizzard clearly. THANKS BLIZZARD FOR CASUALIZING GAMES LIKE HALO DID :^
4youve been extremely btfo in this thread
1Day one patching and buggy as shit games being thrown in consumers faces due to XBLReminder that MS used to force developers to ship working games or they charged $40,000 for repeated patches which was only lifted when indie devs like Jonathan Blow and Phil Fish complained that their indie games that shipped broken. Sony was the one who lifted the patch restriction first.
51Every thead about a console's following on /v/ is muh anecdotes and "educated" guesses at best, fucking no-one sources their shit. The only difference between them and you is that you aren't justifying your assertions with what you have experienced in the real world.
2People have jobs and aren't pathetic NEETsThis is whats wrong with the industry
What games have you 100% completed?
Spelunky
6Was it hard.
4None. If i get bored i stop playing.
PoP 2008PsychonautsDark Souls 1, 2Killer is Dead
Deadly Premonition
4I regret a number of them
4Call of Juarez: GunslingerSaints Row 3Far Cry 3: Blood DragonRisk Of RainLego Marvel SuperherosThey were all worth it, except for SR3. That was a waste of time, but the friend I did it with enjoyed it more.
6The no gold one was pretty hard. But you eventually get it if you play enough
For this year I've done Far Cry 3, Infamous Second Son and Kingdom Hearts II Final Mix.Since I have a job now I'm sure those are the only ones.
Dark Souls 1.
6how do you get to this page?
2It's just a custom category in your library.You can create and name them however you wish, and obviously you have to put games manually into it.
6to expand on thisEnjoyed:BoI RebirthDark SoulsDark Souls 2Deus Ex HR Missing LinkESJFree to Play movieHalf-Life gamesHotline MiamiSingularityViscera Cleanup DetailPixel Puzzlesit was ok:DarksidersFezJazzpunkoctodadpapers, pleasethomas was alonewalking deadwhy the fuck did I buy/play thisBrothersCostume QuestCS: CZ deleted scenesDNFFlight Control HDLittle InfernoStackingThirty Flights of Lovingto the moonfucking BRUTALIntrusion 22it's a category, you have to do it manually
Recently Lego Marvel and Atelier Rorona. I know I've done more in the past, but I can't remember them all. Final Fantasy 7 comes to mind.
4That game has achievements? I thought that was an old game.
Assassins Creed 2 and Oblivion
Metal Gear Rising: RevengeanceBayonettaShovel KnightTransistorProbably plenty of older games as well but those are the only ones I can track because of achievements.All of them were pretty fun except maybe MGR. I love that game but there were points when 100%ing it was a massive chore, especially in the VR missions and DLC.
Fallout 3
Steam Profile ratin' thread
This thread might be cool
if your profile level is above 30 then you need to reevaluate your life
9Your picture is off putting, but I guess it goes well with your background I like your Screenshots too.
0Fuck you faggot, I bet you have an anime pillow.
no gay shit
5n-no
don't even know why I'm bothering to do this
LEAVE BEFORE THE FAT VIRGINS TRY TO ACT LIKE SISSIES AND CUTE ANIME GIRLS
9Where are my socks?
0
This is brodernline "RATE MY FACEBOOK PAGE" shit.
4level 5211 years of serviceYou're actually okay.Better than those level 70+ 1 year service nerds
2thanks anon
3Good taste in games. Lotta Screenshots too. What Background?4Thats Dedication. What does the rest of the profile look like?0830No flame, Just rate shit.
8weow meanie pls no bully
refund thread
is it better to request a refund that doesn't follow a 100% under the guide lines as steam wallet money or back to your card?is asking for steam wallet give higher % of getting the refund?
Just tell me where the refund page is and I'll post a few I'm gettin rid of.
6is asking for steam wallet give higher % of getting the refund?Maybe. I just recieved 45 refundbux in my steamwallet. Most of the games I had were purchased back in December. I had the option to send the money to my paypal, but went with steamwallet instead.
I hope I get my refund for XenoVerseI was so hype for the PC finally getting a DragonBall game and it was just such a huge let down that I never played it again after the first couple days
got these refunded so far.just put in another for a $29.99 game I only played for 4 hours. it's not terrible but I just never play it. just started getting my actual wallet cash today too. got everything but the 19.99 for GRAV so far.
Mfw finally refunding NepshitWill never understand why /v/ thought these games coming to PC were the second coming of christ.
3My nigger
7I requested refunds for Xenoverse and GTA V.Xenoverse was just disappointing and with GTA I got pretty far into the game and recently upgraded into Windows 8.1I KNOW IT'S MY FAULT but I thought the game used Steam Cloud so I lost my progress. I don't feel like playing through such an un-optimized crock of shit again, regardless of how much I enjoyed it. I know myself and I'm never gonna touch it again.
2That feel when requested a refund for XenoVerseI hope "poorly optimized and cheaters absolutely rampant online due to lack of anti-cheat" is a good enough excuse to deserve a refund
3Never follow the hypetrain conducted by extreme autists.
2The cheating was a huge deal, but I never dipped below 60 a single time.GTA V on the other hand fucking annihilates my computer.
5I learned my lesson. It was honestly the most miserable JRPG experience I've ever had.
1Must be my rig, then. I can handle most games just fine but for XenoVerse it's FPS would dip horribly in the hub city and my CPU would be running way hotter than normal with other games
I put Cities Skyline on refund 3 days ago, but I haven't been approved even though something I refunded like 4 hours ago already has.Should I redo the refund?
7Requested refund to paypal first. Denied. Tried again with steam wallet. Denied again.What the fuck am I doing wrong, /v/?
8it took me 3 days to have my first refunds accepted. I put another one in a few days ago and it was accepted after an hour though.might as well just wait.
Where do I go to get a refund?
4It tells you right there.
4...It exceeds the maximum playtime of 2 hours by a factor of 70 you fucking autist.
Anyone got refund on something older than 6 months?
32Have you been paying any attention at all to these threads? See 8 3
2
4contesting a charge for a steam game is a good way to get your steam account banned
8Thank God I pirated it.
2SO SHINY....SO... CHROME.
2WITNESS ME
5no one has ever been banned for abusing the refund policy you dumbass.
6the went over by 1 hour you went over by 138 hours you fucking retard
6Going over by an hour or two is a totally separate thing from going over by 148 hours you fucking idiot.
Do i need to uninstall a game before valve will give a refund?I put a request in for GTA V but I don't want to bother uninstalling if they're going to deny the refund.
6exceed maximum hours by almost a full week of playtimeexpect the same treatment as those who exceed hours required by less than an hour and a half
7contesting a charge is not doing things through steam's refund policy. I'm talking about going to your credit card holder or probably paypal and telling them to cancel something through them.
5I'm trying now
0Not that guy but haven't people who exceeded it by more than just an hour still got refunds based on how they worded their appeals?I'm not trying to justify him wanting his money back for GTA V because he lost his save file, but they've been pretty lenient so far.
Just tried to refund a game with 5 hours bought in march. I have bought over 300 games from steam, do you think they will have the balls to cuck me?
0I'm the guy who lost his save file, that isn't me posting.
6You can choose to be refunded either to your Steam Wallet or Paypal if you used Paypal in the first place.
0No. It just replaces the "Play" button with "Purchase"
W-wait, I can refund every piece of shit, if I haven't played it for long enough, even the ones already in my library?What about Steam Cards? What if I sold them already?
0There's being lenient due to this being a new policy and then there's just insanity and what that dude is asking for is insanity. If they gave him a refund what's to stop him or anyone else from going through his library to every game he has and doesn't play anymore and asking a fucking refund no matter when he bought it or how long he played it?
3buying garrys mod when it's not on sale
0i think 5-7hours played is the max they will go for refunds anyone posting a pic of anything over 20+ hours is probably a shop
65 hours seems to be a cutoff point from what I've heard. you probably won't have an issue but I have a refund in with 4 hours played right now and I'm a little worried 
refunds only go back to the Winter SaleWell, I guess that's 75 cents I can use towards DMC4:SE, at least
0Anything over 20+ hoursThank God I only have 18 in XenoVerse, then.
7why do you think I refunded it bub
make a claim against KF2, 6 hours, haven't touched it since a few days after buyingMade claim almost two days agoStill no responseShould I remake the claim? They've already rejected my Huniepop request, so I'm wondering what the story is.tfw you bought evolve through a third party site and can't get it refundedall these games I bought over 6 months ago with less than 2 hours that I regret immensely
What will you guys use the money for? I've been holding off on dark souls 2 for so long, but on this sale I'll get it and play the shit out of it.
6KF2 is EA, they wont give you a refund
7not yet...
To
4I'm assuming everyone who got Steam Wallet refunds are holding off for the summer sale. I know I am.
6God if only there was no limit on how far back you could go to request refundsSo many fucking games in my library that I've never even installed
6it's been taking 3 days for a lot of people, myself included. 2I got a refund for early access so....What's up with all the people in this threads talking out their ass?
9I have 14 in Payday 2 and didn't get a refund so good luck with that.
6It's next week right?
9What's up with all the people in this threads talking out their ass?Same can be said to you how do we know you got a refund on an EA game
Stop killing indie devs you entitled shitlords!
5But is Payday 2's multiplayer unplayable because of people using Trainers?
5Play that game anon, it's great.
Fuck this refund shit, didn't buy any games the last 6 months and all my remorse was over a year ago
5I could be wrong, but I think you can get a refund on any game in your library as long as it's never been played once. You'd have to contact them through their support page directly, same way one would have to do it before they rolled out the new refund policy.
The only game I truly regret
5In that case, I could probably refund like 100 games.
2starts on the 11th.I've going to have a cool $120 refund bucks to work with if all goes as planned. I have $90 right now.
tfw it will never leave my library
probably won't be able to refund evolve because I played for 10 hoursFUCK
So far so good.
9make up a sob story convincing enough, you bastard. it's on a case by case basis so it's not always the same guy refusing you.
2Got Mine. Have some faith.
Valve said no when I asked for a refund of DayZ :
0IN TWO DAYS?they better clear my refund soon
9was so hyped about this gameput in 15 dolalrs to play itnever got a sandbox modewhat in the FUCK is this game
9where do you see that info?
7To
2You'll meet the occasional guy using hacks but trust me, you'll appreciate when you start ginding offshore for infamies.
IF YOU'RE NOT SURE WHAT AND WHEN YOU BOUGHT SOMETHING, CHECK OUT YOUR ACCOUNT HISTORY WHEN YOU CLICK YOUR ACCOUNT NAME IN THE TOP RIGHT OF THE STEAM WINDOW
6who are you quoting
5That's correct, I think. It takes 3 more days for the money to be deposited to your steam wallet though. 
2In the email they send
9I know the suffering. I thought it was gonna be a cool as fuck sandbox god game where you solved puzzles with creativity, but it was just a buggy piece of shit with no room for creativity other than doing exacly what your objective was.
i wish i could ask for a refund on dark souls 2 for lying to us and releasing the full version of the game later, but i have like 100 hours on it
buy some shitty battlefield clone called Frontlinesvalve actually sells me a key they sold to multiple other people preventing me from ever playing the game onlinerecieve no tech supportcan't get a refund since this was too long agothanks for nothing I guess
6How the fuck did they let that through?
9I've got 20 hours into it.I should try for a refund.
6refunding the best rpg in years
9nobody? just green texting for the fuck of it
Jesus fuck processing all these refunds has to be a financial implosion for ValveIf not, cosmetics are probably the only thing they're clinging onto
6me too, the game is pure DLC
0No you don't. It just stays installed but 'locked'. Like if you preloaded a game.
6what the actual fuck. if that's not a shoop, what did you say to them? I want to get rid of this but am pretty sure it won't get accepted.
699% of the refunds above 2 hours are fakes.The 1% are games with 2 hours and 10 minutes or so, i don't know how they handle that.
KILLING INDIESMIGHT AS WELL PUT A GUN IN THEIR MOUTH.FIRST MODDERS, NOW INDIES! FUCKING PCUCKS
4Steam money =/= real moneyI bet steam's keeping their profits somehow
9refunding homeworldwhat kind of dirty casual are you?
tfw haven't bought a game off Steam in over two yearsAnd this refund policy isn't going to get me to buy anything new with some false sense of security in being able to have a goddamn consumer right that was already provided to me by the laws of my own fucking country. Thanks, Gabe.
699Them deciding who to give refunds have probably nothing to do with the reasoning in your message or the hours. It's all about how much they value you as a customer and how much of a long term loss it is for them to piss you off.
I still can't believe we actually got refunds on Steam. SJWs must be really BTFO over this.
5JOIN THE FUN BROTHER
7You can refund and get real money though.
5The one with the original version and prima strategy guide.
969i told them that the game was a horrible heterosexist adventure and i would denounce them for triggering me if they didnt refund me
can't return fucking Alone in the Dark because i bought it 2 years agoYeah that's cool, just leave a game that can't even fucking run up on the store and deny all refunds.Fuck cunt.
Man i wish i could refund GTAV but i have 18 hours in it. And 15 hours were loading screens.
mfw people using their refunds on shitstain indieshit 2 dollar games and not triple a shitgames for maximum refundage.Also all of my refunds have been answered in the span of 30 minutes, I think it's because I have 796 games bought on steam.
How long does it take before they process your refund?
4They refunded this one and it's nearly an hour over time. Maybe they're more loose on Early access games if you give them a good enough reason?
6nigger its like 4 am they're not going to check til tomorrow
9a few others are still pending
I wonder if you can refund EA games
I want to try and refund a game I purchased in 2013. Has anyone had success with something similar?
6This, motherfucking thisExpect refined combat gameplay and get awful mash 2 win insteadHave to unlock each and every character jumping through rings of fireShit-awful storyLimited local vsIt's like they didn't even knew what kind of game to do anymore and just tossed whatever they had at hand
9Hello Faggot
9Yeah mine have been surprisingly quick as well.
Remember: When you abuse refunds you are ruining people's lives.Jimmy just wanted to get an operation for a heart transplant but now his parents can't afford one because of Steam Refunds.YOU ARE LITERALLY MONSTERS /v/
7Got my refund for Splinter Cell Blacklistbought it on christmas sale, uplay is fucking shite, uninstalled and never played againrequested refund a week ago, got confirmation three days later, and money was put back in my steam wallet today
2They give refunds for Early Access anon.
5im sorry for jimmy
You can get refund only if you're purchased game through steam market, right?
So I put in a refund request 2 days ago. I asked to have it refunded to my paypal. No response so far. Is it going to be denied because I didn't pick steam wallet? Are they trying to jew me?
9The system is probably getting fucking hammered at the moment, a few are gonna slip through the cracks.
5Tell your parents to make better games then.
buy cheapest gamesidle for 2 hours to get cardssell cardsrefund gameinfinite profit?
5Jimmywas rustled
0We have a database with steam users who request refunds, if the refund covers less than 20% of your total steam purchases it will get auto-refunded.
6Ive been trying to get a refund on Elder Scrolls Onlne with 31 hours. What did you say to increase your chances?
0They flag you after a few refunds. 30 cents a card aint worth steam store ban.
0Is the 20% before or after previous refunds?
can't refund Warlock: Master of the Arcane because the purchase date is just outside the 6 months windowwhy
can't refund outside of 6 month windowwell that's some bullshit, most of the bad games I bought were years ago. so I'm still stuck with shit like necrovision and brothers: tale of two sons3you can use an alt
2After, if it exceeds 20% you will be reviewed by a real person to see if you are entitled to it or not.You can google how it works
How long does it normally take for the refund to be deposited in your wallet?
indie devs please post more tears they are so sweet, more graphs too
5whybecause the purchase date is just outside the 6 months window
4Up to 7 days.I waited 4 days for my Exanima refund.
why does everyone refund to wallet!?!
tfw have bought no games for the past 6 monthsWhat a shame. I would have gladly gotten rid of KOTOR, SR3, and some other games
Any Chance i can refund 15month old AC revelations? 18hours, mostly dealing with crashesIt's shit, and a rehash of brotherhood
3Because refund to wallet is 99% guaranteed and everything we need is on steam anyway.
1nope
Tfw you can't refund starblunder because it's too late, and even if you could, you got it via a key
115 month old18 hoursAbsolutely not.
3I'll live, it was probably 7.49
83It's the only game i've bought on steam store that i regret buying, i'd try Bioshock Infinite even though i got it basically week one, but i got it on some uk site for 30$
When will I be able to refund games I've had forever but not played?
1when you move to the EU
5I just returned a game that I bought a couple months ago. Worth a shot.
got some of my refund money back today in my wallet not pending anymore, still waiting on the rest
7support site doesn't even let you request refunds for games bought more than 6 months ago
Anyone refund any gifts? I requested a refund for a gift I sent a friend, friend even went into some settings and checked like "allow this to be refunded" or something. It's been 3 days and no approval yet.I refunded a few other things and they were approved in a matter of hours
8steam wallet*
How to fix refunds:Refund goes from 100% within the 1st day, to 50% by the end of day 4. After a week, you only get 10% of the money back.Indie trash is still 100% refund, but you can't nolife a game all week and get money back. The onus is still on the developers to make good games, or else you could just buy and return it in the same day. However, companies that put effort into a game, and make it good, don't get shafted. It's also fairer on the front, meaning that developers who complain about it will get their teeth kicked in even harder, since they seem even more whiney then.
2no-lifing a game is already not possible because yo shouldn't be able to get a refund on games with more than 2 hours playtime. those getting posted with above 2 hours are the exception, not the rule
6
7got refund on space hulkwant refund on MAIA and Space Engineers but probably wont get it since they're Early Access games
7Got more for you
Guys I finally got my refund for FFXIII-2FINAL FANTASY XIII-2 - Playtime: 71 minutes Purchased: Jan 3, 2015request for refund 6th of Mayreceive refund 9th of MayIt's all good.
6fuck yes
Just wanted to refund something i haven't even played but i'm over the 6 month limit. guess its not too bad since it was like $1.24
2only if they change it from a week after buying to a week after install and first launch. I can't even download most games the same day I buy them, aussie internet a shit.
can't get a refund because I bought a gift for someone in the same transaciton
I'd like to refund over half my library but nearly everything in it I bought 3-5 years ago.
I wanted to get a refund on ASSassin's creed unity since I can't play it sub 20fps on very low and considering i'll be downsizing in the future.Turns out I can't because I bought the game more than 6 months ago. I'm sad.
6how do you buy a gift in the same transaction as adding something to your account? thought it was all or nothing.0iktff
7I'm worried that too many fags will ruin this.
2That's fucking stupid.
0Just have something purchased as a gift in your cart as one for yourself.
Does it delete badges created for those games you refund?
i have mixed feelings on this refund with steam.its going to push developers to focus even more on homogenized trash to appeal to lowest common denominator probable less tech savy and even less likely to pursue a refund period.its also going to at its very core kill indie gaming and flavour of the month gaming aka early access trash. both are abused way too much by those devs.in the end its kinda our own fault for even buying shit and being impatient/lazy consumers. its just a way for valve to have you buy into their system more. with that said i'm hoping my grey goo refund goes through. 19 hours played...half of it was probable afk...
5They can't back out now. The policies BARELY meet the minimum in EU.
0They certainly could, it's not like they've ever cared about EU laws.If people keep doing "By a game /v/ likes play 5 minutes and then refund it with a stupid message" or people keep grinding badges they'll pull the plug.It's just too soon after the paid mods thing.
61not buying the base game and all the dlc when it's on sale for like $6c'mon it's like you're not even trying.
5or they make badges apart of the dlc that is consumed... and you no longer get the refund possible if you opt into badges at all.
7Where can I open a ticket somewhere else not through the automated system so I can try and get a refund on a game bought more than 6 months ago?
5Are you retarded, shill? Valve spent 5 years exploiting any possible loophole in EU laws until they finally ran out and now Gabe finally had to cave in because his lawyers said if Gabe didn't cave in, it would be a repeat of Microsoft versus EU.
I have so many games I want to refund but they're all from purchases made 2-3 years ago. Goddamn I really regret going on that spending spree. Those cheap sale bundles seemed like a good idea at the time, but I haven't played any of the games in them.
do they refund games with cdkeys? i made the mistake of buying evil within
5Holy shit, your hysteria is way too much, man. Most people are probably using it responsibly and as intended because it's a nice feature for legitimate customers and most of them will recognize that. If you think Valve didn't anticipate this sort of behavior from some of their users after how many sales and events have been scammed up, you are naive.
5noi tried with MK X and Wolf The old Blood
Okay, I just applied for a refund for Dishonored, 59 minutes in, way past 6 months. Filed a support ticket instead of the 'Support' link under the game's righthand panel.
222anyone?
3It's all about how much they value you as a customer and how much of a long term loss it is for them to piss you off.I'm starting to think this is the case. Been using steam almost 10 years, as you can imagine I've spent quite a lot, and I've been getting, what I'm assuming are automated, refunds after an hour.
5Just go to the game and click support on the right side and then you have two options and click "It's not what I expected"You should be able to figure it out from there.
0you can make badges for games you don't own so I assume not. also that would require way too much work on their part, you can't expect more than the bare minimum from valve when it comes to coding.
5Fuck off, we're not steam.
Why won't Valve fucking refund my games. What category should I put, and what do I need to say.
Do any of you know how to start a gifted refund?My friend is refunding xenoverse and its saying that now I should ask for a refund through steam support for it, how do I accomplish this?
22014Exceeds the date.
Wait what is this shit, I can get free money for my old games?
Has GayZ SA actually had any notable development? I'm considering trying for a refund on it, and spending the money on CSGO keys.
Fuck I kind of want $30 back from KF2.
been waiting 3 days for a refund for lara croft temple of osiris 4 packsad that the game had a lot of potential and was patched once and abandoned.
just got a refund in the span of 20 minutes ladsdidn't expect support to be so quick
5Dude, people are getting refunded from games bought during 2014 and/or have playtime exceeding 2 hrs. This is unfair.
9If you aren't aware, some people are shooping to trick you.
7Pls respond
7What category did you put and did you put anything on the notes tab?
9wait a day or so and send another request. you might get a more generous support agent.
2Quote some laws from your country
I missed the refund by a week for 1 game :
5Idk, sometimes they make exceptions. The smart thing to do would be have a bot do this, but I guess they have actual people doing it, cuz I got H1Z1 refunded, cuz it was a fuckin piece of shit, and I had like 10 hours on it.
3I get refunding F1 but rFactor? Greatest sim ever made
9you might be a few days too late.I put it my refunds the day they started offering them and I was able to get a refund on something I bought dec 26th 2014.pic related
4whats wrongthe screen tell you basicaly what it isyou are just idiot
6Do I need to say something in the notes tab, I just clicked "it's not what I expected" then sent a request. Any tips on this.
Finally just got my 80 bucks of refunded games on my account. Just gotta wait till summer sale now. I love refunds
7it was $20 too much.I get that it's one of the best sims of all time but I regretted buying it almost immediately.
9
8Did you try some of the mods? I can see how the base game would be not worth 20 bucks but the mods for that game man holy shit
8I put it under technical issues and I said that it was optimized like shit and made my graphics card turn into a fucking jet enginewhich is true, by the way1yeah give a good sob story. game won't launch, game melts my graphics card, game raped my dog and killed my mom, etc.
712 hours you fucked up
7Cool thanks man i'll try that tomorrow, or you tihnk I can get away by sending another ticket.
6I would wait, it's the same people working right now
all these fucking people who don't even play games.LEL LOOK AT ME LE MEME REFUND!actually play games to try and see if i go deeper if i will find something enjoyable. will spend time trouble shooting it sometimes taking over an hour to get game running decent.all these titles with 5+ hours on them that are shit and i should have never bought.will most likely not get refunded.all these broken shit games i can't even request a refund for because i bought them in November of 2014 instead of December.This is another shoah.
Sent a support ticket through asking for a refund for a game that was just about a month outside the window. Maybe it'll go through.
Good riddance of a shitty meme game by a shitty company
8
2smartest but least efficient way to buy steam games is to make a new account for each game and charge it back if you want a refund for any reason. they'll basically deactivate every account but it doesn't really matter if it has no games left
Where do I go to request a refund for something that is over the time limit? I actually have some games that I've never even installed and figured I might as well try to refund it.
1Has anyone actually managed to get a refund through these "support tickets"?If so, how long ago did you buy the games?
8durr just do chargebacks all over the placechargebacks permanently hurt your credit anon.hey i'll just ruin my credit score in order to rip off a video game i could have pirated anywaygenius
IT'S HAPPENING
3The game was bought 11/9/14. I'm hoping they'll give me a freebie on this one but if they don't I won't lose any sleep. These early refunds seem to be very lenient and I'm guessing they're going to tighten up and start enforcing the 2 week/2 hour rule.
9doesn't paypal do chargebacks?
9
4Yeah I had mods. Still didn't seem worth it to me.I just refunded GSCE too. I liked GSCE more than rFActor but I'd rather spend the $30 on something else. Last few refunds have been accepted within an hour. My first three took 3 days. I don't get it.
we're keeping steam support awake with all these refunds :
2Refunds don't need fixing.Set a strict 5 hour limit and that's it.
0good, they deserve to work for more than an hour a day
Man, some of you people really waste money on really fucking awful games.
6has anyone else refunded a 4 pack or anything like thatim getting really antsy that its not refunded yet. i had all 3 other people check the box saying to allow me to refund it, and total time was under 2 hours with all 4 people combined.that game would have been so good but it just crashes constantly.
2Let us see your library, family man.
I wish I could use the refund system to get rid of these bundled games I'll never play. But they were all purchased in 2012/2013. So many regrets.
Has anyone tried to refund games from Humble Bundles that they haven't wanted? I suppose mine are all too old now, but they have 0 hours so I kinda want to try.How do I refund?
2that's why we're fixing are past mistakes you shithawk, leave us alone
9i wish i could delete SMNC
8How long did it take?
3They're considered retail activations and don't fall under the refund policy.
3How do I readfuckoff
6Most of my library are games I grabbed on humble for a dollar. Its a completely different story from people dumping 30+ bucks on some shit fucking game. Don't people know they can pirate a game to try it out? The only game I can honestly say I regret buying is Spore, like ten years ago. Anything else that was crap was like 5 dollars or less, so who gives a shit? Looking at all these people that paid so much for such shitty games, over and over, just makes no sense to me.
0Anon you do realize that for every $40 mistake someone makes you're potentially making 8 smaller $5 ones that end up costing you the same amount? You realize you're falling for it too, right? Right?
7SMNC was greatRIP in peace Captain Sparks
2That doesn't fix shit. The only "fix", is to stick with the 2 week limit and be strict about time played. Make it like 5 hours and then cut off there. And thats if fixing actually matters. The number of people that would use this refund system to get a game, beat it, then refund it is small. Its basically just extra lazy piracy. It means nothing. After this initial wave of regret refunds goes through, the only ones getting refunds will be tards that buy 50 dollar games they don't like but are too dumb to know that until they already bought them.
For you retards.
6That might be a good point, if I bought tons of 5 dollar games I never played or ended up hating, which isn't the case. I don't even have 40 dollars worth of 5 dollars game I regret buying, so no, sorry, I'm not as dumb as you.
7Just put mine in for Metal Gear Rising: REVENGEANCE for having negative mouse accel and therefore unplayable without a controller. I played up the whole "A PC game should support PC peripherals without retardedness" angle so let's see if it pans out.
7The real bullshit is I can't refund any of the purchases I really regret. I can't get rid of Banished, or Jagged Alliance Wildfire, I'm stuck with those 10 minutes of game-play in my library. Steam should set it so that it's Six months, or, under 30 mins of gameplay.
2good taste fernando
kane & lynch 2bought in 201147 minutes playednuclear dawnbought 2 years ago10 minutes played because there's literally only one server with players and it's not even fullcan't refund either of these
9From what I deduced Less than 3 Hours Playtime is the sweet spot on refunding Right now I'm waiting for a 4 Hours one to get through but it's been like a day and I still haven't gotten anything, not even one that says I can't have it refunded
6unplayable without a controllergetting real PLEB in this refund thread
6The real bullshit is that you were dumb enough to buy that garbage in the first place.
Let's get a legitimate discussion of Amiibos. Are they good or bad for consumers, Nintendo, and the industry? How do you feel about physical DLC like this, and would you like to see more in the future? Refrain from collection posting, and don't try to argue with "it's okay when Nintendo does it" scapegoats. Just leave a short opinion if you must, but keep the discussion about Amiibos.This pic is just a rough pro/con list I made with a little bit of research on numbers. If anyone suggests a pro/con that is reasonably unbiased, factual, etc. I can add it to the list.
I buy them to look nice on the shelf, their game compatibility means next to nothing to me, I have about 10 of them I think.
Are they good or bad for consumers, Nintendo, and the industry?They literally print money for Nintendo, and are neat figurines to collect for consumers even if scalpers are having a field day with them. As for the industry I doubt anyone is seriously looking at WiiU for what to do.How do you feel about physical DLC like this, and would you like to see more in the future?About physical DLC, I don't feel strongly one way or the other since I'll buy DLC if I want it. I don't think I'd like to see more of this unless they started making more/making ones of more obscure characters.
I'd get some if they weren't figurines. I dislike collecting them because I have very much limited space in my room, pkus I just don't like having figurines in the first place. Just give me the amiibo cards and I'd be happy.
3Looking at some of the bad things on your list:Need spaceHave to go to store to purchase, or shop onlineSeriously man? The first can be applied to physical games too and the second one I just have no fucking words.AlsoBlundered and Lack quality controlShouldn't it be more like some figurines look bad.Otherwise pretty solid list.Also, can you unlock shit on multiple systems with one amiibo? if so you can add to the positives that they can be reused by many people.I personally like them but it would be better if there was some Skylanders game where you can use them.
3neat figurines to collectThey're toys first and foremost . As a actual fig collector I see amiibos as toys first collectables at the very last some look niceNo they really don't when you compare them to other "figs" around the 15-20 price rangedlc as a plus side let alone physical Disgusting Fans don't love the figs drones do , they sell a lot because a good chunk of the buyers are scalpers.
I like some of the figures, like Ness and possibly Lucas if he gets one, and the yarn Yoshi amiibo looks adorable, but I will still refuse to support the on disc DLC and making content just to lock behind a physical key Honestly if Nintendo sold amiibos without the NFC chips, even without a discount, I'd buy some. It's just not worth supporting on disc locked content
Give it a Skylanders/Disney Infinity knock-off and get rid of the bullshit stock issues and discontinuations and amiibos would be amazing
1The space issue only exists for when you have 10, 20, or 30+ Amiibos, or if you have a small space like 0As for going to the store, the comparison is that the majority of DLC can be purchased through some online service built into the system like Steam or XBL, but also at the store. Amiibos are exclusive to retailers or ordering online to be mailed.8Sorry to have offended you with poor terminology, but thanks for your perspective.
I don't understand why Nintendo only print limited amounts of thier products.It only leads to thier customers getting jacked when they're late to buy something, i can't get MM or Omega Red for a decent price still.amiibos are just a mess, nobody should have to stress that they're going to miss out due to some scalper faggot.
3Lets not. These always divulge into shitposting.
I'm so glad I didn't get sucked into this trend.As a wiiU and 3ds owner and a amemebo outsider, it is one of the most fucking deadbeat consumer fads I have ever seen in a long ass time.How do you convince already downgraded sub-functioning adults to further reduce themselves into childhood day care psychology and buy copious amounts of toy figurines?I don't know but nintendo sure knows.
My Lucario for a Jigglypuff a fair traide?
9How do you convince already downgraded sub-functioning adults to further reduce themselves into childhood day care psychology and buy copious amounts of toy figurines?Fuck mate, don't cut yourself on that edge.
1Shouldn't it be more like some figurines look bad.no, there's been a good bunch that are straight broken/deformed/with completely fucked up painting
3Physical DLCThe GoodAmiibos weren't the first form of on disk dlc, so that's okay
3$13proThere are $6 figures that look better than them
3You really wanted to buff out that good list, didn't you? Between that awkward spacing, 'Hot glue your waifu', including shit like 'Physical DLC' you really were struggling, weren't you?
I got into them because someone got me one for my birthday and that finally triggered foot-in-door. "Well I guess I could get one more...". My girlfriend got into them simply because she thinks some of them look pretty. I've only gotten a few, able to still stick to ones that look cool mostly, but I'm still crossing my fingers for that nfc emulation app someday to unlock all the mk8 skin.That said, the insane pre-order hubub has pretty much forced me to resort to online orders which makes me incredibly nervous, because some of the paint jobs simple aren't as good as the others. I've been lucky so far, but if I can't get me a ganondorf, I"ll probably end up somewhat buttflustered.
Prosif you have no standards they're the only way to get figures of Nintendo characters since they're cheap-asses who rarely license their characters to companies who don't half-ass their figuresYou get full games if you buy them, instead of partial gamesIn terms of price, they aren't as bad as posable figures or large statuesConsGames have content removed for themThey generally look like shitPoor quality controlOverpriced for their quality/sizeNintendo less likely to ever license characters to companies who make real figures anymore because of them, so many of their characters will be held hostage as shitty unposable mini figureson-disk DLCrequired to buy them to get full gamesclearly Nintendo's main focus for future profits, so it's extremely likely that more content will be locked behind them in the future due to how successful they are
As long as they're produced in limited quantities and content is only available through them, they're bad.
Anyone think pic related is the only way to fix the amiibo shortage problem?
I think the big stink over them is the confusion of the content they provideLet me make a list of the games I can think ofSmashThis is a toss up. I personally don't think the amiibo "content" would be there if it wasn't for amiibos. There's no reason to include some train your own AI thing if there isn't a unique context ie the amiiboMario KartThis content would flat out not exist without amiibos. It was clearly added to enhance the amiibos value, not the games content. This is a KEY point I think /v/ still doesn't understand.Hyrule WarriorsSame as above.Yoshi'sSame as aboveMario PartyThis is interesting. I believe there would have been content to replace the amiibo features, but nothing huge. This is an example where you could argue they're "locking out" content. Again though, the amiibo has to have value, it has to give you something. SplatoonI think this is a biggest offender I guess. I feel like this would have been the equivalent of locking out event mode in smash only to be accessed by amiibos if event mode wasn't already an established game mode. So I guess this goes into the argument of would it be there without the amiibos? I think so, I think there would have been better ways to provide value to amiibos in Splatoon from a non owner perspective but obviously the owners enjoy the content they get for it. Those are all the ones I can think of. I hope /v/ comes to the understanding that in most cases, the amiibo drives the content, not the other way around.
5seconded
, 
, 
How do you become an unstoppable killing machine in New Vegas?
0tgm
0Do you have all the DLC? Melee  All 
player.addperk
Kill everything. Played at a friend's house. He followed all the questlines and I just explored and killed everything. Ended up reaching max level before him and but it all into attk speed boosts. Audio wouldn't even sync with my super Uncle Lister the Sister Fister Mega Fist.
Max intelligence so you get more skillpoints per level. I hate how much diminished the role of SPECIAL is in FO3 and NV compared to the previous titles.
48These.One of my most successful playthroughs was a melee/unarmed/medicine character who just killed everything.
does anyone else always kill vulpes at nipton? nigger threatened me.
High Inteligence, Energy weapons and a fully modded Laser Rifle would do the trick.
Anti Materiel RifleSneak Attack crit one shot everything from a mile away.
77Talk shit get kill
0fully modded light in shining darkness
8This. Just playing the game eventually means that you will become a god. You have to intentionally gimp yourself to not become a god.
0To be a master of all tradesget high intelligence8-9 and at least 5 END. Charisma to 1take the trait that gives you +5 to all skillsget educated perk and perk that gives you more skill points per bookget intel implant ASAPAlso you can get the trait that puts your cap at 30 if you're playing hardcore mode, you can change your traits later in Old world blues.
74same, I almost always do it becuase they think they're doing me a favor by not attacking with their little doggies, it's satisfying to pull out a revolver and gun them all down
7get Stealth Boy from Goodspringsrun up to Vegas, stealing hings and buy a Two-Step Goodbyehead to Vulpes, knock his smug face off the face of the planet before he even utters a wordSo satisfying.
0Melee or unarmed with the knockdown perk really fucks shit up.
Just walk around with Boone and ED-E both fully upgraded
AndStayBack
9Charisma to 1I AM BECOME THE MUBBLING, AUTISTIC, DESTROYER OF MAN
Ammo swap glitchBK mini nukes on any melee weapon That's all you need
8Until you get near Cazadores.Boone has died.
9Charisma doesn't even matter, except you'll have to spend more points to get speech/barter
Wear power armor, use the ballistic fist and punch everything to death.
JUST
3I haven't played NV in forever but aren't there some speech checks that require a certain charisma?
9take the trait that gives you +5 to all skillsDid they ever fix the fact that you can give yourself this trait 3 times? Because it was just completely breaking early game
9Not autistic. My character had one charisma and ten intelligence. Autism implies an inability to understand new information.
2There's maybe 2 charisma checks max in the game
9Doesn't matter bro. With all those skill points, you can bump your Speech skill to max pretty easily.
9Also you can do infinite exp glitch before leaving goodsprings, when you leave you can choose to remake your character and change your perks. Your experience will stay the same, but SOME perks will stay
7No, Awe true to caesar.
0I find that investing everything into guns and criticals paired with the anti-material rifle helps.tfw wiping out entire bases before they can even see me
siding with CaeserNot only does it make you an edgy teenager, it also is the worst option in terms of story and game play.
0You can literally get all skills to 100 and almost all SPECIAL to 10 on vanilla NV. If you have the DLC.
2Maybe one or two. But then you can just combine equipment, mentats, and alcohols to get high charisma. Plenty of things raise charisma
8Guns and decent sneaking can get you through probably 90% of the game.
`tgmplayer.additem 0000432c 1player.additem 00020799 999
0WHAT MODS TO GET SO IT DOESN'T LOOK AND FEEL LIKE A 2004 GAME?
9You can get all 100 skills even with low INT.
QUICK RECOMMEND ME THE BEST FALLOUT NV MODS THAT ARE  NOT NUDE MODS 
5on vanilla NV.If you have the DLC.Might wanna look up the word vanilla
The best build
0` tmgThat is all you need
9what the fuck is this shit
3Actually according to Raul legion territory is actually super safe and well guarded, they wipe out any bandits and dont allow any type of drugs or alcholo to be traded.Its a hard society, for a hard wasteland.
7That's the only way I'm able to play New Vegas, a dude with a gun that can get into anywhere.
6Just but the newest cowadooty if all you care about is age
9
2It depends on the game. Due to the modding scene for New Vegas, vanilla means an unmodded version of New Vegas.
you start with 40/70+7 from perks+7 from implants+2 from OWB+1 from LR+1 from lucky 8 ballwhat am I missing
9Please ignore the gif images, they're from my stream and I took this screenshot days ago.
5actually super safe and well guardedI also once read about this awesome utopia, it's in this book called 1984
9
Fist of the NorthStar mod for melee when?a hundred npc bandits in the wayall looking super buffspecial moves use up AP points in real timesuper mutants reskinned and modeled to look like boss henchmen.finally have a stare down with their mega super mutant bosshe says his technique is unstoppablemake him explode via fistsget cute and serious companions along the wayFuck. Just give me a proper FotNS game. Not that dynasty warriors rip off.
0mfw last cod I bought and played was 4
010 LCK10 END10 STRPut everything in unarmed on level upFuck everything elseGet to FreesideBuy 1000 chips at Atomic WranglerGo to Blackjack tableMax betMash W until you get b& from the casinoCash inGet to the stripDo the steps above for The Tops, Gommorah and White Glovego to Gun RunnersBuy Two-Step GoodbyeEnlist Arcade GannonDo shitty literally gay quest line for himAcquire Enclave Power ArmorCongratulations, you're invincible.AlternativelyGet RWD modStart with 10 LCKMax Sneak asapObtain Ratslayer and 1st Recon BeretObtain Finesse perkBuy Surplus 5.56 roundsGood job, you can now one shot everything.
Better CriticalsFinesseCowboyBloody MessBlack Widow/Confirmed BachelorAll three level of the Lord Death challenge perkGraham's Armor1st Recon BeretAbilene Kid BB GunYou can 1-shot anything in the game that isn't Lanius or an Alpha Deathclaw with a sneak attack crit, and those you can two-shot
8
0You just play the game and it heppens on it own.
0
0Intelligence needs to be below 3 and then go unarmed/melee with some explosives.
9Going anything but 10 / 1 / 10 / 1 / 1 / 7 / 10
2you can literally take gifted and have almost no problems in terms of SPECIAL in 1/2
6Please, anon, please. Please 
5putting 10 of anything in a game that lets you buy +1 to all stats with caps Why
4You can take invest ten perks in intense training. Also there's the small frame trait.
5For the moment. But after Caesers death, then what? Caeser has no suitable heir or person to follow along his path to lead The Legion once he is gone. Regardless of what Caeser offers in the short term, it doesn't matter because it will not last.
4LETS
0Heavy armor 100 sneak with power fistez mode
9Luck at anything but 10It's shit
1Luck at 10Dealing critsFunI bet you play on easy too
1not setting your highest specials to 9 then getting their appropriate bobblehead/implant depending on what game you're talking about
3To become unstoppable as quickly as possible.
Skilled is a great trait.
7sameFirst he's telling me to tell other people that the legions tough shitthen all his limbs are busted from a grenades
5I don't do it for the crits, I do it for the casino cash.
10 all stats except charisma + remnants power armor + anti-material rifle
4Yup. One of the only traits worth taking Most of them are complete garbage save for this, small frame, wild wasteland and logan's loophole
0But they kick you out eventually!
Sniper perk with high dmg sniper means heads shots in vats all day long I took out an entire cavern of death claws like this
9AweAve you profligate fuck
5The fun part about power armor, dzink sound of bullets on your armor while you slaughter everything around you.
replay new vegas"this time I'm gonna be a bad guy"decide to help the Powder Gang take over Goodsprings"What h-have I done"reload save and save them againWhy can't I do it bros
0Autism implies an inability to understand new information.who the fuck told you that
1Getting tensEverNine's are questionable even depending on the stat. This has nothing to do with preference or usefulness of the stat, every SPECIAL stat has at least one permanent way to increase it and many have more.
Remember that energy weapon store in Freeside? If you manage to kill everything in that store, you are more or less set for the majority of the game.
Join the Legion to kill degeneratesTurns out they're all closet homos themselvesWell shit, now what?
I met the tree for the first time after playing FO3 on x360 this time on PC and I didn't kill it, how did I do?Should I've ended his misery?
8Same thing with me, i jsut can't, tried to go legion multiple times, i can't stand them.
3thisIf you set a special to 10 at character creation you done fucked up
Get companions. I've watched morons bumble their way through the game while being carried by their infinite ammo tanks.
8I was able to do the legion because of the appeal of killing Caesar on the operating table and making it look like an accident.
5That was fun, but yes, you're right, except for the DLC.
8600 hours in gameAlways a go for very good karmacan't even side with a faction other than NCR because I disagree with them too muchThe most I can do in terms of roleplay is what kind of weapons and armor I use, and what I look like.
1He doesn't know who the tree is
8Taking over Goodsprings with Powder Gang is the only evil thing I have no problem doing, but everything else I just simply can't. People will tell me it's just a game, but I guess I just immerse too hard in games with moral choices.
1too bad Lanius is even worse
take boonetake anti material rifleprofit
1Depends on if you helped him grow. The best thing to do is apply the paste thing that makes him grow more so that more of the wasteland will grow green and have life in it. Harold will realize his purpose in life and think that him wanting to kill himself was selfish when he could live and help people of the wastes survive through his oasis.
9Social awkwardness automatically implies autismPeople on /v/ really believe this
0But mr.House is cool, the only thing i disagree about is murdering BoS.
0Always go for very good karmaYou have to try really hard to get bad karma. But yeah you should really try other factions, especially Caesar.
3What Difference does it make?
1Hundreds of hours I've spent on that game and I never even knew you could do that. Then again, I learn something new every time I start a new game, that's why I can't wait for Fallout 4. It's a buggy fucking mess at release, but there is always plenty of shit to do.
7Oh please. Why can't some other guy replace him? Being a roman dictator isn't that hard.
Boomstick build:Shotgun SurgeonBetter Crits/Finesse/Light TouchGraham/1st Recon/10 LCKDinner Bell12 gauge magnum rounds NOT 4/0 buck magnums or slugs. Flechettes are okay. Pulse slugs and coin shot are useless
0You don't disagree with the corrupt fuckups?
4Lanius is just a tool. Vulpes or Lucius could easily lead the Legion in Caesar's place, the people wouldn't even need to know he died.
0Nope, still works. Wait, three times? I thought it only worked twice. Where was the third time?
Can't you just use mods to give yourself tons of money, perks and traits?
7bethesdahaving choiceshaving actual hidden stuffCOme on man, we all know how it's going to play out, we can only hope for another miracle like NV.
8Cheating
best specials S 5P 4E 6C 1I 9A 7L 8then: small frame for +1 AGL if not on hardcore, and skilled intense training: 1 to endurance if you want all good implants, 1 to Perception and then 1 from implant for better criticalsalso add to strength if you want it OWB gives you +2 strength---this is just a general all around good build, you can tune it for different playstyles for sure
decide to play NVit crashes my steam to the point where i have to uninstall all my games + steam so i can get it working againFUN
8I'm like that, I am not good at being bad. Not even in Dungeon Keeper, I always treat my minons fairly.
0You stop playing a shit game and go play something else.
0generally before you do that, it is always a problem with ENB
0Step 1: Don't have a shit computer
5They have their downsides but they are the best option compared to being a fucking idiot and trying to run New Vegas yourself, letting an old man be an idiot and try to run new vegas so he can go to space, or be a bunch of sadomasochist tribals in football helmets that rely on slavery and expansionism and a single person in order not to immediately disintegrate.
"kill"
0Figure out what perks you want and adjust your S.P.E.C.I.A.L. accordingly. Charisma and Intelligence can be lowered with little to no consequence and a lower intelligence makes talking more fun.
8Using the console would be easier than mods.player.addperk whatever
0Get sniper and rifleman perks, max small arms, get .50 AMR, craft .50 Match Load and/or explosive load. Proceed to 1-shot nearly anything in the head.
3You're like my steam friend who I stream for, whenever we find something weird, like a puzzle and look for hints, he tells me to look it up online.Where's the fun in doing that?
5No difference, it just explains a lot about this board.
Literally any weapon skill + Strong weapon makes you unstoppable in this game.I loved having the riot shotgun, all the shotgun perks and that OWB perk that gives you 5 short length Turbos every day. You chew through large groups of enemies in the like, 5 seconds that buff lasts for.
sprtle-woodmax charged EC packsliterally just melts everything
2Enjoy getting fucked by Deathclaws and Cazadors you filthy pacifist
9I'm just saying if you want to cheat then there's a far easier way than to use mods.
9I actually planned out my character to be 4/6/5/5/9/6/6 so I had all the requirements for the perks I wanted and once you hit lv 30 take the almost perfect perk to make everything a 9 then collect all the bobbleheads to make everything 10
6Am i alone in hatting energy weapons just for the sound of it?
5i meant the console command "kill"
5Yeah, you're right, that's why I only use mods like, high resolution textures and filter disabling ones.
6Everything you say?
3hm, what filter?
0tfw wanted to play a fists-only ghoul tfw even with all the radiation perks, being irradiated still lowers your END and STRtfw bare fists suck ass unless you're snuggled up so close to the guy you're punching that he can't shoot youI just wanted to be an enlightened master in the way of chernobyl fisting
mfw revolver, rifle, shotgun and ranger armor
9Get sniper and commando perksUseless for actual sniping
8The green tint in FO3, I downloaded that one mod that lets you any color to it, so I put some blue on it and it looks fine now.
8i really dont like them i feel like im cheating or not playing right or something. robots i love but i draw the line at pew pew
24Protonic Inversal AxeMy god was I OP with that.
0because I disagree with them too muchYou do realize Yes-Man isn't actually a faction; he's a sycophantic assistant who helps *you* take over.What people call the Yes-Man victory path is actually the YOU victory path.
8Laser weapon sound effect is awful.Also Laser Pistols and Rifles look awful. The old design was 100x better than those Bethesda boxes.
4The Yes Man path doesn't mean you rule New Vegas yourself. It means it stays independent, as it always has been. And if you talk to the people of the Mojave, it really seems like that's what they want. They don't want Mr. House controlling them, they don't want the NCR taxing them, and they don't want to be enslaved by the Legion.
1going for 10's when you get the stat increasing bobbleheads
6first time playingplay like previous poster and be a good two shoes because it comes naturallyYes Man bitend up playing a bunch of people on my way to becoming the benevolent ruler of the wastesThat was the best ending.
Want to reinstallForgot which mods I hadDownloading anyway I suppose
3Not being Evil
3Also Laser Pistols and Rifles look awful. The old design was 100x better than those Bethesda boxes.AT FUCKIGN LAST A NIGGA WITH TASTE.Man do people suck so much bethesda artwork, I like the concept artist and I think his shivering isles art is fantastic but he did a shit job at fallout mostly with weapons
8With the Laser Commander and Implant GRX perks, yes.
0shotgun+shotgun surgeon
Is Nexus Mods working for anyone?
3they don't want the super genius who wants to kick off humanity into greater lengths since the war to lead them.Wow.
3just run it offline
3Nope
33Everything he did for fallout was better than your shitty favorites. That's just a fact of life.Especially the trashy F1/2 Energy weapons.
4Mr. House's Securitron army took control of Hoover Dam and The Strip, pushing both the Legion and the exhausted NCR out of New Vegas. Mr. House continued to run New Vegas his way, a despotic vision of pre-War glory. The streets were orderly, efficient, cold. New Vegas continued to be the sole place in the wasteland where fortunes were won and lost in the blink of an eye.Yeah, sounds great.
33Oh yea, that aswell, pistols in general look terrible, well except normal ones. And my dream of heavy long barrel pistol aka trigun or that other one i can't remember not revolver is never going to be realised. What the game has is jsut not IT.my bet fo4 will have dual weild pistols, it maybe it's saving grace
6I don't think just letting the courier rule New Vegas is the best just because it means YOU get to govern it. I think The NCR controlling New Vegas and Hoover Dam is better because it gives them the resources necessary to continue building and expanding their nation. The NCR is actually developing new technology and researching things as well as rebuilding infrastructure and industry. The NCR is the only faction that can show any sign of progress.
4This. House is the superior choice. He's always been there for the Courier, even got him out of the grave, and he truly appreciates his talents.Also how can you say no to this face?
So decided to do another new vegas run after god knows how long since i first finished it, but now i am getting some odd randomly occurring crash some days it never happens other days once or twice randomly that when it occurs the last sound is set on loop until i restart my computeri think it may be my sound card thoughOnly mods are nvse and nvacAnyone else have this issue?
0try this forum thread after that go to the install folder and put the fallout exe file and the launcher file on compativility mode for xp and check disable visual themes, disable desktop composition anddisable display scaling.fixed all the problems i had and it works too on fallout 3
8Im sorry anon but you have to try harder0Thanks god for mods, the classic fallout weapons pack is nice
8tfw he asks you why you did thisevery answer makes you sound like a complete dickt-thanks i guess
2Prepare to say goodbye to your videocard. I had it with several different games couple years back, had to buy new card eventualy.
decide to go unarmed builduse that Signature Weapons mod on Brass knuckles dump everything into attack speed for itget all the unarmed perksmfwI did that with a fully modified Katana once and it went full "pfft, nothing personal kid." with swinging so fast the sound desynced.
I have 70,000 caps at level 32What the fuck do I even do with money at this point
Max luckGet the stealthboy from GoodspringsLeg it straight to Vegas, use the stealthboy to get past the deathclaws Win a fuckload of money in the casinos GG.
0well shit, it works well with killing floor 2 / xcom still with no issue.But whatever, if push comes to shove i am not too attached to the card its only a gtx 760was planning to upgrade within the year anyhow.
8Is this vanilla? I don't remember House ever looking that good.
no one does explosives buildIt literally blows the fuck out of those Lonesome Road Deathclaws.
8Well you'd have to be a complete dick to murder a god damn 200 year old man who's barely alive and only survives thanks to some tin can robots and what is basically a technological sarcophagus.
4I think it's VRAM melting, it worked fine with some games for sometimes for me too, but then it just stopped working with 3D at all. It still works in normal desktop, but 3D crashes a PC.
3ImplantsGRA weapons5Two-Step GoodbyeI've never actually used this, always stuck with the Ballistic Fist, doesn't it drop an explosive on crits? Seems like it could fuck you over
want to play this game againend up just getting the mods where you can get pregnant and becoming a breeding slave and jacking offoh well
4yeah but he couldn't be trusted anonhe couldn't be fucking trusted
4Because no one considers that granade gun that fucks the shit out of everything.
7the enemy becomes an explosive when you kill them with a crit
4Throwables are awful with or without vats. No way to tell where you're throwing your shit and even when it hits the mark, enemy just charges straight past towards you anyway. And isn't launcher ammo a bitch to find?
4This is the only answer. Melee is ridiculously good. Despite that slowmo wonkey bullet stuff, melee is the tits.
8play new Vegasalways the good guy in most games I play especially in the fallout series obsidian found a way to make me play the bad guy under the guise of being logical by choosing house most of the ncr work I did were practically for nothing I-i thought about the future for humanity and vegasI am from vegas irlDid I do the right thing?
4I tried an explosive build, I stopped when I ran in to ants that are still glitched and immune to explosives
8It takes a while to get the ball rolling, but once you get enough caps, you can just buy them from Gun Runner's Arsenal. The grenade launcher is more than enough, Annabelle missile launcher is for overkill.
he didnt nuke both the NCR and the legion for that dope armour
fallout 4 makes me want to play fallout againboot up new vegas with some modsalt tab outclick on game iconbsodI've never had a game crash my computer that hard since the 90s
9stopping at the smallest wall in your wayYou weren't meant to play explosives
0Heavy armor a shit
3And who can?
79you guys do realize that the Courier is Ceasars heir right? I haven't even sided with the legion yet in a playthrough but it's pretty obvious that you are Octavian/Augustus and he is Julius Ceasar.he dies and you take over the legion making it into a great empire just like real life
2House is the only good option. You the PC that is are incompetent, the NCR are stagnating, and Caesar's Legion is full retard. The only real option is House, who really does have the best interest of everyone at heart. He saved Vegas when the bombs fell, and showed the courier nothing but the utmost kindness. Even in the end he says you'll have direct input for the future and makes you the figurehead of House's brighter future. He has fucking space travel planned out already. What could the other factions possibly offer?
0Purge the wasteland, all who have reached puberty must die.
Step 1 : Acquire holorifleDone.
6You can just nuke both sides,...again.
9That just means your courier is ugly as fuck m8
Play on hard modeGet a cowboy hat and a dusterSave up bottlecapsBuy the katanaBam, unstoppable cowboy-samurai. It just works.
3nobody you gotta run this shit yourself they're all out to get youincidentally yes man telling me his plans and how i shouldn't worry is probably the most sinister part of the game
4cowboy repeater feels so good
9VATS is objectively better for explosives anyway.
9Hey, Uma roleplay it is!
Fallout 4 is announced and we're still discussing New VegasSomeone post the image with "you are all wonderful people and I hope you have a good day" or whatever that image is.
0NCR actually orders you to murder House just so they can take control of a town. How are they "good"? House is obviously the better faction
2wait for brits to wake up, it going to shit very soon
2Seriously, companion permadeath was just dumb. On my first harcore playthrough i got Boone and thne headed up to the rocketfactory and fought a pack of 4 ghouls on the way. It was Boone's first fight. He instantly killed 1 of them, I sneak attacked another for an instant kill, then the remaining 2 split up to attack each of us. Once I didn't have the sneak attack I had to shoot mine like 8 times with the varmint rifle which took a few seconds.Boone has diedQUEST FAILED: BOONES BITCHWIFE STORYOne. Single. Ghoul
2there's not really anything to talk about, in regards to fallout 4. why shitpost and guess about a future game based on the announcement teaser when we could actually talk about a video game
8House makes you blow up the entire BoS bunker.
8I killed that lardass with a single Fat Mine.Mad Bomber is probably the single best perk you can possibly invest into if you do an explosives runtfw MFC clusters
92playing on HardcoreI see you enjoy tedium over actual difficulty. Perhaps consider JSawyer's mod if you want something with a steeper difficulty curve. Or just get a mod where companions can't die on Hardcore. The AI on both sides isn't good enough to support the game mode.
How hard is it to switch builds in NV?Been using a cowboy repeater for most of the game and now i want to use a power fist, but worried ill be shit forever if i do.
3I absolutely love the F1/2 laser rifle, but everything else is pretty terrible. Fallout 3 energy weapons have a much more recognizable look
If Vault 101 was supposed to be hermetically sealed and isolated to the outside world, how did James and the baby MC manage to get inside? How did the rest of the population in the Vault not notice this?
7I sympathize with you anon, but with the exception of one or two people the BoS is a bunch of dickass buttcunts.
5You the PC that is are incompetentBy incompetent I really hope you meant the courier just doesn't have any experience in leading, because he is far from incompetent
8NCR orders you to kill a lot of people. Moore tells you to go wipe out the Khans, Omertas, BoS and gets pissy when you side peacefully. Only ones House says " go kill those guys." about is the Brotherhood because he knows those little magpies want to steal his tech.Siding with anyone else than House feels wrong. You are a courier, hired to deliver shit. simple business. House is a businessman, he knows this, and he pays you accordingly and treats you like employee of the year that you are.
best NV mods, go.I'm looking for more perks, more gameplay, more content. Anything like MotherShip Zeta Crew mod for Fo3?
9meant for 0
6More perks
0spec into meleerun to the south east corner of the map and get knock-knock???profit alternatively, sneak past the cazadors and deathclaws for Chance's Knife
5VATS is awfully buggy for explosives. I lost count of how many time the game wouldn't register damage even though a grenade literally just landed at someone's feet. You gotta remember to save just before a fight so as to avoid wasting throwables
What are some good graphics mods for New Vegas that aren't ENB? ENB looks like shit
4I lost count of how many time the game wouldn't register damage even though a grenade literally just landed at someone's feetA tiny irregularity in the terrain can shield someone from a nuke.
2Smeck'd
3Fallout Character OverhaulNMC's Texture Pack
0Either be me and melee everything while sometimes tossing an explosive or be my bro who duckwalked across the mojave with a rifle.
9I find funny when people try to make the case that Yes Man is the good ending.If anything it's the worst ending, even compared to the Legion.You know where else there is no goverment dictating how people should live their lives?Everywhere in that fucking wasteland. And unless they have been playing a different Fallout that I have, the wasteland is a shitty place to live. Life is not good, but definetly better under any of the factions.
1He just puts your head on currency out of respect if you help him defeat NCR. None of the endings imply that you would take control of the Legion after his death. If anyone would take over it would be Lanius or one of the other goons in his tent.
Post yfw Nexus website is down right now
7Most of the problems are caused by the Legion, or the NCR fucking up. Anything else like the Fiends or monsters are easily taken care of by your army of Securitrons. Independence is what the people want.
Is anyone else obsessed with getting all skills to 100? I literally can't have a low INT/END build and skip any skill books.
2Having started a playthrough of Fallout 3 this is something that really stuck out to me as annoying.People don't just "show up" in Vaults that are sealed up. Everyone in one should have known each other since they were children. Nobody, in particular the headuphisownass Overseer saw some random new guy he didn't recognize and didn't think anything of it?I know that there's the little bit about the exploratory searches into the Wastes you find on the Overseer's computer, so you could reason he was in on it, but that doesn't explain everyone else not knowing.
7Except House doesn't care about what people do with their time either. He's a sociopath who wants to make as much money as possible so he can go to space. Not exactly the kind of person you want ruling a country
2they were desperate for a new doctor and he had all the qualifications.there's also that picture of him and his wife in Vault 21 in NV leading to the idea maybe he originally came from a vault and they were willing to let in a fellow vault dweller instead of some random wasteland doctor
9independencein a world set post post apocalypsea good thing
0Unarmed/Melee or max sneak + any hard hitting weapon is essentially unstoppable.
0Just play the fucking game. New Vegas is so unbelievably easy.
9Independence is what the people want.Why the FUCK would you give the people what they want? Being a leader is about giving them what they need. What they need is a stable government, and that's the NCR.
9Independence is what the people want.If not what they need.
3Everyone does know. They just keep it from you. The old lady who gives you the sweet roll says she remembers when your dad showed up with you, but stops herself before saying too much.
2No point in reacting to something that happens as frequently as the tides
9Most of the problems are caused by the Legion, or the NCR fucking upAre you seriously telling me that the problems in the wasteland in the setting of Fallout, in the region of New Vegas, are the NCR and the Legion?Have you been using fast-travel so often that you forgot what the fuck happens in the wasteland when you're not an angel of death armed to kill a fucking army?
hit like level 20 and semi focus on any combat skill.From then on it's just steamrolling.
Man I can't believe I missed the plasma caster because I let that suicide bomber inWhat a shame
Why do you hate her?
ctrl+f "Bozar"0 results
I've got a trickier question for you guys. How do you become an unstoppable killing machine in Fallout 2. Pls help. 
0No, what they need is efficient Totalitarianism, the original Romans had the right idea about civilizing savages.
0Energy Weapons [100], Fully modded Laser Rifle, Fast Shot trait, Laser Commander perkIt's so satisfying crippling limbs in one shot.Your opponent won't even be able to move
7I don't. I thought she was pretty cool. She's an idiot for staying at the Sierra Madre in the ending, though.
1Except House doesn't care about what people do with their time eitherHe doesn't but he is there to protect the Strip so that it won't get overrun by deathclaw, raiders filled up the ass with psycho and your faction-of-the-day strolling in and changing everything.Even though I go with house I can absolutely see the case for the NCR, but FUCK ME does it boggles my mind when people think the Independence ending is a good thing on a post apocalyptic scenario.AlsoCountry
5Fallout 2?*7LesbianWhy even bother?
3extremely expensive noammo inaccurate LMG with lower crits and damageYeah I'd rather just carry the LMG and Anti-Mat or even an SMG instead of the LMG.
The signature weapon mod. Pick any gun, literally any gun, and you're set, you'll be unstoppable in like an hour or two.
Install New Vegas redesigned 3Like every changeEXCEPT for taking away Vulpes' gogglesalso the legionary recruits with him in Primm are all clones of him except not wearing the wolf head nowMy autism can't handle this
9But then what's even the point of keeping up the whole "Nobody comes in, nobody goes out" when everyone knows that's a load of shit?
5Small guns sniper builds da best. Nothing is more satisfying than shooting dicks off of raiders from other side of the map.
7Because I can't bring any of them home with me unless mods.
1With independent, you still have an army of robots protecting Vegas. They just answer to you, someone who actually cares about people, rather than Mr. House who only cares about himself.
5run to Navarro to get Advanced Power Armor in the beginning of the gamespecialize in guns because guass rifles are considered guns in F2
0It's almost like Fallout 3 had shitty writing.
0Bravo, Bethesda
1What really boggles my mind is why so many NPCs seem to hate the NCR. The only valid reason I've ever heard is "muh taxes" and "muh corruption".
5I honestly don't see how having the Courier be in charge is any different to House. Who's to say you won't do the same shit you killed House over?I only accepted him in power because the Courier would watch over him, ever watchful if he ever steps out of line.And honestly, House is probably better at running a place than the Courier could ever be.3Probably becuase those people were just doing fine in their territories, then in came men with assault rifles saying they're under their protection and now they need to pay taxes.For the people who were getting fucked daily, the NCR probably did save them. But for folks who were doing ok it might feel no different than Raiders demanding protection fees.
05It seems like they had the whole idea for 101's schtick of no one comes in and no one leaves, but then realized it would really hard to explain how your dad decides to leave to fix the water purifier or that it was even out there and where it is, so they decided to just mush everything together and hope nobody looked too closely at it.Just kinda sad really.
3Faggots from California show up and say they're your boss now or we'll shoot youstick soldiers everywhere, mostly are just incompetent retards, can't even keep the raiders at baystart moving in other people from California to take up good farm land and housingcharge exorbitant taxes for these pleasures
3aha as I said I haven't played their side yet. what happens if you kill Ceasar?
how would you have balanced out the view of the Legion?NCR is everywhere and has characters ranging from well meaning actual good people to the corrupt assholes that run it.Yet for the Legion we are only introduced to the brutish military forces and the slaves they take.I'd have loved to see an actual Legion town with normal legion citizens. I bet they got lots of cool Roman shit like coliseums libraries of ancient books hand picked by Caesar to be allowed back in Flagstaff.
0It probably was that way for many years but then they broke that one day for either curiosity or need of something, like Vault 13 for the water chip.It's not that it's insane retarded writing, it's just never really touched upon. So, if anything, just bad writing.
Play on easy.
5Lanius succeeds Caesar after Hoover Dam and ushers in a new age of savagery and cruelty in the Mojave.
 Not putting all your points in STR and 1 in INT Not enjoying people acknowledging you're a fucking retard and getting special dialogue options COURIER PUNCH
3Seeing a town or two post conquest and stabilized would be cool. It's implied the legion territory outside of the borders is by far the safest of all the wasteland. Would put a few good points toward the legion.
3I assumed that their territory is pretty much normal and that the roman stuff is only in the military.
4and if you kill Lanius aswell?
6not putting all points into luck and getting mad crits and getting kicked out of all the casinosdo you even ring a ding?
4And honestly, House is probably better at running a place than the Courier could ever be.Why, because he was a rich corporate CEO pre-war? He has no idea how to govern people. The Courier has actually walked among them and understands them. I mean, sure, if your Courier had completely evil karma, you're probably worse than House.I only accepted him in power because the Courier would watch over him, ever watchful if he ever steps out of line.And if you ever disagree with him, he might just have some new guy replace you just like you replaced Benny.
3There was apparently originally plans to have you go into actual Legion territory and see how well off their territory was, and that you were even supposed to have a Legion-alligned Companion to tell you more about them.But that was all cut thanks to Bethesda.And so it goes.
3Pretty much only this.
3If it were up to me I'd make them less of uber agressive raiders and more emphasis on cultural expansion. Like them also providing books, basic education, maybe even bringing theatre to other places. Have them have SOMETHING that makes them infiltrate a place starting by the culture and stuff like that. Instead of just being organized raiders with the excuse of "THE ROMANS DID THIS THOUGH".I think having a single Legion town would have helped. Like, imagine you get into the town and everyone is wearing those classic roman attires, and just being philosophical about shit on the streets. Have them perform plays, do public speeches and such. Like, be Rome for real. Not just dress in red football gear and crucify people who think differently.Would be a good contrast to see them appear more civilized even when holding the worst technology.
3You don't have access to weapons or attacks while you're talking to Lanius in his war tent. You could do it with console commands I suppose but I don't think you'll be able to progress the final Legion quest without him alive and you need to talk to him after the last quest for the credits to roll. So you probably can't kill him.
7putting it all into LCK and STRYou have lots of SPECIAL points and if you're already going 1 INT you probably don't need CHR or PER either.
3Get rid of the slavery and treating women like cattle. Then they might actually be an acceptable option.
7Yeah obviously. For new vegas 10 STR and 9 Luck is all you need. Increase END high enough and you'll be able to get all the implants. Wear the sexy nightgown for 10 LCK, nothing better than a guy dressed in pajamas playing blackjack
3And if you ever disagree with him, he might just have some new guy replace you just like you replaced Benny.Except that the Courier is not only the most power creature in the game, you know House's secret and where his body is.And yes, because House was a corporate CEO pre-war. He knows how to manage people and resources. And that is something that everybody needs. He's not the best thing ever since anal sex, but he's the best given the choices provided by the game, imo.
8The whole damn game is like that. It's a fucking shithouse mess.
0Max out Intelligence so you have more skill points to spend on random bullshit
6He's not the best thing ever since anal sexCan you Sexout House?
7
as a pleb who never plyed the original games could someone tell me if we ever got to see Enclave civil society? like were they living in the 50's style pre war america like in the vaults or was it all militarised?
revolver ocelot run revolvers, light armor, crit focusedget to OWB at lvl 40+Never have I experienced a hell like this.
6House wants to recreate a pre-war america without taking into account the changes that happened. He's trying to recreate one without any logistical support, without good infrastructure, in the middle of a fucking desert an isolationist New Vegas is doomed to fail, especially if it's run by fucking mobsters who only answer to a delusional pre-war nutjob who ignores the fact that there's 8 foot tall monsters hanging around just outside his city.
6oh ok thanks for answering my questions. I realy wanna do a legion playthorugh I ust have't found a build i like for it. I guess melee would be good but..meh
5They were all military. There's not really enough of them for there to be a civilian society. They wanted to genocide the whole wasteland and start repopulating it with "pure humans".
0Raiding that one irradiated vault with the big armory while using a riot shotgun with that perk was ridiculous. You would just be re-enacting Terry Crews' scene from The Expendables the whole way through.
8Honestly the Legion playthrough kinda sucks. Imagine Yes Man's questline but instead of an sycophant robot asking you to do stuff, there's some demented old asshole and his closeted homo goons barking orders at you under threat of crucifixion for any transgression under the sun and then after you help him he puts you on a coin and tells you fuck off. On top of that the quests aren't very interesting. Bethesda and Obsidian really dropped the ball for the Legion side of things.
8House wants to recreate a pre-war americaNo he doesn't. He literally just wants to protect the Strip and eventually go to space.The best he can do is offer protection from the Outsider, which is more than the NCR and the Legion can do. You could, perhaps, make the case for Independent, but nothing will prevent an internal civil war that IS coming, and the only thing that was really stopping people from starting one is House.And seriously, he's got the best infrastructure of the entire wasteland. Don't get me wrong here, not saying House will make everything better, I just think he's the one who'll prevent it from getting worse. NCR is WAY too spread thin, can't sustain itself and such among problems with internal resource management, which is a nightmare. And the Legion, well, are fucking insane on top fated to fail. Why? The Holy Roman Empire killed itself because it was too big and couldn't sustain its Slave based economy. You need something closer to what they had in Pre-War, but not close enough that it will fall into the same cycle, liek it would be for the NCR.The thing is taht for Independence you're just making New Vegas be exactly like everywhere else: Rules of nature, only the strong will survive.Unless you're cool with that, of course.
1I think my favorite fucking thing in the game is how you can actually succeed at the operation with nothing but a really high luck stat.And that they even give you a special dialogue choice after it's over while talking to Lucius. If you pick it you become instantly vilified by the Legion and have to fight your way out
5In Fallout 2 they were just a bunch of guys living in an offshore oil rig they used to avoid the nukes that gets blown up and one base on land where the remnants in New Vegas came from. They have a very small non-military population on the oil rig, including a living, breathing non-computerized President. They capture the population of Vault 13 prior to the events of the game to have a control group of humans who were never exposed to radiation to test out a strain of FEV they developed to kill anyone with any trace of mutant genes in them which is anyone who didn't come right out of a vault or the the oil rig, including the player character, who is a tribal, which is why the game doesn't even let you side with them because it makes no senseIt's also why Fallout 3 is so dumb
3Without drastically modifying them as they already appear in-game, adding characters around the Mojave who actually have something to say about them that isn't a middling-to-negative platitude would be a start.
9House cannot work because he wants to isolate himself. I agree that the NCR is doomed to fail, or at least be forced to stop expending and be pushed back to its core regions.Independent has the same problem House has, but it's more wild card and there's no real way to predict what would happen since every courier is different.However, even though the Legion is completely insane, a healthy Caesar at its head would allow it to mimic the Roman Empire, which, while it did fail because of over-extending itself, did end up creating a model for civilization, lasted for hundreds of years and didn't cause the entire world to be irremediably fucked when it crashed. In a world like Fallout, Stability and Safety  Democracy and comfort.
7ulysses was supposed to be the pro-legion follower but it got fucked upand all the land east of the river was supposed to be full of pro legion places and people too
4I wish there were more Special checks in the gameI like the Robco one where a robot asks for a password for a restricted floor and with a luck of 7 or higher you can guess the password or if your intelligence is like 2 your character just shouts "Icecream" which turns out to be the password.
Buy all DLC for level cap increaseFucking plan that character outEvery single skill point countsDecide what skills will go up each level, what perks will be gained to increase points, where can you gain extra skill points?collect all skill books, before you get anywhere near 100 points so you know no points were lost finally get 100 on everythingYou are godNot sure if 100 on everything is possible, but from what i remember on my save I had 100 on everything apart from maybe 3 different skills that were all around 70-90, That was with little planning and just grabbing the skill books.
6You can easily avoid leveling up survival in favor of all the other skills. There's some fun perks that come with it, but it's not all that worth it.
6man that sucks. Legion could've been som much better but i guess there was no time for them
07026785The Legion was honestly the single most massive fucking disappointment of all of the disappointments in the entire game as far as I'm concerned. There was so much potential there for interesting political and cultural contrast and discussions about topics like the merits of dictatorship vs. democracy vs. anarchy, and neo-luddism and traditionalism vs. technological progress would it really have been so hard to just toss in SOME comparison to the BoS? but LOLNOPE this is a post-apocalyptic game so we have to ape Road Warrior and have an _official_ faction of psychotic melee-focused assholes wearing football gear in addition to having them everywhere else.I was salty then, I'm salty now and I will continue to be salty in the future; even among all the other ways that Bethesda manages to constantly shit all over everything they touch, that one will always stand out for me.
4Skilled + Good Natured + high starting INT. Tag Science, Repair, and Medicine for max absurdity of starting skills. I usually like to tag Lockpick, Science, and Speech though so that no barriers may block my way early game.
6It is possible but you do need to get the skillbooks. I had a max lv character with 100 in everything but like 45 explosives and 60 survival, and that was before getting implants and skillbooksI then just went around collecting all the skillbooks and using console commands to increase barter or explosives by 3 every time I found one
5there was going to be half the map dedicated to legion locations east of the river but it got cut
9You could, perhaps, make the case for Independent, but nothing will prevent an internal civil war that IS comingNot even an army of upgraded killer robots that bow to your every whim? Seriously even the enclave in their prime would struggle with taking on that. Independent is either the worst or the best thing for the wasteland depending on how much of a dick the courier you played was. If you spend enough time teaching yes man your morality and how to run everything then you have the best ending for vegas, freeside, novac and goodsprings.
2I know.
I always play NV as a gun-slinger that doesnt take shit from anybody and murders convict, gang and legion scum on sight.
9balls deep from another legion infantrymanGlory to my leaderNo thanks, nigger
How should I go about creating an unarmed character that just karate chops people and they explode? Stats? Perks?
30so is the Enclae and BOS not regarding Bethesdas east coast chapter pretty much wiped out now?
Is the Ranger Sequoia the most powerful revolver?I just want to be Clint Eastwood
8You're not wrong, but even though Caesar is drawing from and forcing the old Roman culture, that shit will never truly stick. Fallout is not an alterante dimension where the Holy Roman Empire never happened. It did happen there as it did here, and the culture has evolved from that every since. To try and take steps backwards is just insane for the people. Their biggest flaw is inheriting the unecessery aggressivness in which the original Empire relied on.So no matter how good the citizens of the Legion live, they would have to murder everyone else in the wasteland for it to apply to new Vegas. And if that's an option, then anyone can do a job just as good.And House, imo, would work just as Independent but with a plus, instead of the Wild Card like you said. He has the knowledge and the will to protect the Strip as a whole. But yes, there is a Wild Card element in there due to the Courier, but liek I said: House is the best option, not necessarely a good one.And yes, in the world of Fallout: stability and safety  democracy and comfort.Stability is something the Legion can never achieve. And I am also very very doubtful on how well the Legion can defend itself from the perils of the Wasteland. I really cannot see them defending anything from a deathclaw or a group of raiders using gorilla tactics on them, which is their real weapona against the NCR.House does not offer Democracy or comfort, but he does offer Stability and Safety for the strip.
9Survival makes food better than stimpacks
0strapped for cashin a Bethesda gamehow can anyone be so bad?
1not playing Hardcore
3kinda sad that it's so shit in new vegas when it was so great in fallout 2
100 guns10 strengthmodified anti materiel rifle
1The most casual of retardsUnless you've added enough rebalance mods to make yourself poor as fuck.
6at first I thought you were wrong since Legions hould be able to counter gorilla but no that I think aout it isn't the NCR Rangers cucking the legion by using gorila tactics al the time?
The HRE had nothing to do with Rome, it's just what dirty dumb german scum called themselves
6We seem to agree on pretty much everything, but I still stand by my point that while House could be very good for the Strip, that's the thing, only for the Strip. We've seen in the BoS what happens when you remain content with a very limited and isolationist policy. While I guess House would never be quite at that level and would surely trade with outside forces, he'd get overwhelmed at some point if the entire wasteland around him gradually became more civilized, or more dangerous.
How can anyone believe House will make things better when people are living in squalor in Freeside right outside his front door, and all he does is sit in his tower raking in caps from NCR gamblers?
00
7Freeside is full of worthless shitbags.
11 Intelligence
1Why would you play hardcore? it's completely pointless, literally the exact same game. Maybe if they limited your saves to only at safehouses, erased everything when you died, made exploring the wastelands dangerous as fuck forcing you to buy body guards and take the safe routes, disabled fast travel, added batteries to your pip-boy that you need to find to keep it running... Then maybe it would be worth playing, other than that it's a stupid mode for kids that want to feel special because they played on the "hard" mode
7People who side with House are likely very picky on who they think are worthy people and whatnot.
ctrl + f"caravan"Did anyone bother to play it?
3No. There were easier ways to make caps, and it didn't help how confusing it is and the need to buy new cards.
3I never understood the rules. At first I thought it would be similar to Pazaak from Kotor, which was just a modified blackjack, kind of, but nope.
6and the culture has evolved from that every since.Really? Because it seems to me that in the Fallout games, the vast majority of North America consists of wilderness sprinkled with small settlements inhabited by barbarians who usually practice ritualistic animism and frequently get hopped up on stimulants and raid other barbarians.
6Because Hardcore is the first step on to using mods that make things harder.Hardcore was inspired by Fallout Wanderer's Edition from Fallout 3 but was made a lot easier because it needed to appeal to more people being in the base game.
3I've played through the game five or six times, and I still have no clue how to play Caravan.
8SPECIAL wise you'll want to pump Endurance since that determines unarmed damage and how many hits you can take, the main stats you'll want are unarmed, medicine and probably melee for some of the better perks. or swap medicine for sneak if you prefer stealthPerks you'll want bloody mess to explode people and the main unarmed perks are piercing strike, paralyzing palm and slayerYou'll want I think 80 melee to be able to get Superslam to knock down people and Unstoppable force to hit through people's blocksThen any DT/Health perks if you're going tanky or Sneak based perks if you want to be stealthI might've missed some since this is just going off memory
0Console commands, click on shit, type "kill", Win.
2actually coin shot travels the furthest in a tighter group, except for slugs obviously
7Make yourself useful to society and you get to live, or be dirtbag hobos that mooch off of everyone. Can't be getting complacent in the world of Fallout. Act like a character from F3, get treated like one. House rulez4lyfe
3Holy ROMAN Empirenot the true rightfull heir to RomeByzantines plz go
2Yep. In a way. Legion was doing well because the NCR is a poor excuse for an organized military. The moment they got smart with the Legion, they got fucked.7I think where we divide is whether or not House would be a good head for New Vegas.I'll be real here, I didn't trust his ass until I asked him "And who's to assure me that you won't also won't turn fucking crazy or something?"To which he replied "My judgement". He didn't say he had a higher moral ground, or that we shouldn't worry about it, that, to me, shows how much thought he put into it, so far as to get a point to maybe even question himself but have the resolve to go for it. I dunno, I suppose I find him a better bet than the Yes Man.But yes, I do agree that WHEN the rest of the Mojave become civilized he could potentially be overwhelmed in terms of maybe resources or just general political machinations.But that's not the Wasteland now. It is, now, a shitty place to live in. And House managed to save a little piece of civilization, so I entrusted him to keep it alive if not to have civilization be birthed from it, at least be a beacon of hope and that we can overcome the apocalypse.
Seeing as there is a thread here, and i want to go back to fallout 3 or NV, someone pick a game, tell me what character to make, and how to play it, annoying shit like avoiding certain guns, carrying about useless junk and things like that will be done.
1What I meant is that the human culture continued to evolve from the Holy Roman Empire as it did here. Not that the Wasteland is a mark of human culture.So, to me, going back meillenias is, well, a step backwards.
2Thanks! Wanted to do something a little different from the super common "smooth talkin', sneaky gunslinger"
9link to stream?
5But the world was already sent back millennia due to the bombs. If anything, wishing it to be back to where it was before the bomb fell is wishful thinking and completely unrealistic. Baby steps are needed.
yfw they ruined the laser riffle in new vagas
5Energy weapons in general were disappointing. They hit a sweet spot at some point, where they're fucking great, but once you're past it, you have to unload entire magazines into everything to kill them.
0Melee/unarmed is a lot stronger at the beginning, and their perks are real gamechangers.I love using love and hate to airjuggle dudes with my stunning skills.
0Don't believe this guy. Just kill him with fire use flamethrower on him, he would die a peaceful death and you will gain a lot of positive karma.
9Yea, pretty much had to build for high crit chance/dam or else energy weapons fell off quick.
5tfw metal blaster in fallout 3
3The technology, resources and infrastructure pretty much hit the reset button.But, let's be honest here, we, fortunately, only had fiction to explore what to do in the ficticious scenario of a global nuclear apocalypse. So your ideas vs mine are just as valid as they hold no ground in the actual world.Even if everyone got nuked back to the stone age, they still hold part of the pre-war culture. And that, as you can see in many instances in the Fallout universe, is one of the few things people try to hold on to so that they can get up in the morning and dream of living in, in a way.So neither of us cannot truly say what the actual best path to recomence human society as we know it is.
So I've decided to do something I've never actually done before and play Fallout 3 completely unmodded.I've never actually beaten either 3 or NV, I always end up losing interest after a point either due to character builds or mods being fucky.Its quite rough around the edges but I'm eager to see how much better the game can become in comparison.Only problem so far is I wanted to try and do an Energy Weapons build and so far I'm yet to find anything beyond a Laser Pistol. I've gotten more use out of the Combat Shotgun with only 20 small guns skill than I have with the damn energy weapons almost 40 points ahead.
5old laser riffle sounded bad ass and used to shake the room when i shot it off with my sound systemnew laser riffle is the shitty lazer pistol sound and it feels like shit to use
0unarmedpower armorsick gains buildand lots and lots of drugs
7try the fallout general on /vg/ for that stuff m80
3the merchant at tenpeny tower that gives you the ghoul quest might sell a riffle right off the bat, other then that you'll have to keep an eye out
6I've never been able to get past the first 10 posts on /fog/ as it consists of waifu posting, enb config dumps, "r8 my char" screenshots and shit like that.
8I replayed recently. I always choose Yes Man, kill house and take over NV with my army of upgraded robots and destroy the NCR.
Any good radio mods? I have Wave Radio and Courier's Radio filled with Waylon Jennings and the Highwaymen.
psychoturbo implantfist weaponfreeze time then take out everyone in the roomOMAE WA MOU SHINDEIRU
4Fucking Meleefags, why do you always think your skill is better than other skills?
7They literally have a pastebin in the first post with character builds you turboautist.
9jesus christ how horrifying
8Because you're not cool and edgy enough to be the bad guy
0Sucks that killing him gives the best reward.
34 Perception
9OWB is unholy.My Medicine Stick is shitting 320DMG critsand critting like a motherfucker and stuff just doesn't die.
8Tfw you sneak into the doctors house and beat him to death at night after he helped you outTfw you all show up and slaughter everyone ripping their heads offtfw every time you return you are reminded of what you did here after all the shit they did to help you
0Which faction?I chose followers because they seemed the best.
4You don't really get any explosive weapons early on in the game unless you have the preorder shit on. When I did an explosives build I was stuck with dynamite and land mines for the first leg of the game until I got to Vegas. Plus that shit can accidentally set off traps/kill friendlies and most people don't take that risk.
3I don't know how to fucking play it so notutorial didn't help
3I used to love 9 intelligence but now I think 45 is more than sufficient. I can't live without 9 luck unless it's some bumrush melee build.
6 boomersflying in a b52 dropping bombs on everything something i cant pass up
6I like the Followers. They're the only faction that are 100% benevolent. I actually like the Khans too. They're pretty bro-tier if you give them a chance. And forgive them for the whole "helping Benny kill you" thing.
5caesar had some good things to sayalso, to the surprise of no one you could have spared the BoS while siding with the legion but it and along with the ability to do so for house were cut
6Boomers because I like blowing shit up.
3His parents after the doctor told them he was autistic and they didnt want to hurt his feelings.
3freeze time and take out everyone in the roomi think you're thinking of the wrong guy
3You have to realize that the Legion's presence in the Mojave is just their frontlines shit, their encampments were just newly established and cobbled together without the need for longevity. Also consider that they're based off of Rome and perverted Roman ideology, so chances are that the core of Caesar's empire was probably extremely lush and bustling compared to what you see.
4The reason skilled is so good is that without it you level up so fucking fast you feel like you miss out.
8I still can't believe the powder gangers were their own faction. They barely influence anything at all besides the starting area.New Vegas had lots of good ideas but was held back by how small everything was. I would have liked to see fiend/super mutant content expanded. Maybe make the khans have more stuff to do so I actually felt bad about slaughtering them.
0Meh. If it was for consoles? Install all DLC, revert to a patch old enough to allow the Mantis Foreleg Glitch, get to 50 and leave Goodsprings to activate the Double Perk Glitch. Go far enough into OWB to get the trait respec. Pick Skilled to get +5 in all your skills. Uninstall OWB. Reinstall and repeat til 100 in all skills. After that? Well... you could get infinite Agility from Dead Money; but god. By this point everythings a joke for your character.
8logan's loopholeWhat's the point? Drugs are pretty useless for the most part.
3Fuck off lightbaby.
6Brotherhood of Steel.Rule with technology and brute force.
18not just throwing dynamite at everything remotely difficult early gamenot just using MFC clusters the moment the perk unlocks and recycling all those MF cells gathering dust in your storage.
0Survicalists rifle tears people to shreds
9what is the special gauss rifle
8Just as with Chemist and Day Tripper, this trait is not limited to chems and affects all consumables' duration, including magazines, food, Stealth Boys, purified water, etc.sneak forever
87They did that because they couldnt be arsed to write more than needed.
7I did it on my first playthrough, which then became unplayable due to being vilified by the legion.
9Energy weapons in the dlcs are all incredible. And plasma casters/tesla cannons are hilarious fun.
7Of course. But it's still dumb. Would have been nice to re-unite her and Veronica. Or at least fucking tell Veronica that you met her.
8What? We're awake now you daft cunt, fuck off.
9OWB gives you access to infinite stealth boys though.
0Max perception and buy 100s of grenades.
What's the best way to start out of I wasn't too do a dumb melee build where I kill every person on sight?
4yeah but it makes the sneaking trip up to vegas significantly more easy at lvl 1
0Gauss Rifle + Meltdown is a destroyer. 1 shot, 4 kills
5download mod that adds the oldschool fallout laser weapons+plasma rifle to the game.Use wattz laser rifle for sniping and the old winchester plasma rifle for mid range battle, with the wattz laser pistol as a sidearm.
6NCR Decent but could use a good asskicking so that the corrupt officials get off their asses and actually work together.Caesar's Legion Underdeveloped. I don't believe that their civilization would be stable if they had to rely on slave labor so intensely.BOSUnrealistic goals. No long term plans for settling down or developing communities.Great KhansDon't know much about them. Basically a bunch of has beens. Their only real allies being a bunch of drug crazed raiders with energy weapons is probably not going to end well.FotAAlways figured them as a "Doctors w/o Borders" type rather than a fully fledged faction. Nothing to lose by helping them but they are not that organized.BoomersJust a small community of people living away from all the politics. They also scare the shit out of every other faction so that's fun.Powder GangersEven the Tunnel Snakes are better than these jackasses. Buttmonkies of the Mojave.EnclaveCould have been a well made faction but they basically just want to murder everything.I like the Boomers since they pretty much just want to be left alone. They are probably the best off since every faction is too scared to attack them, and a lot of people want to be friends with them.
0The boomers were the most self righteous stuck up annoying cunts.
, 
, 
What if Sony purchases FROMSOFTWARE out from Kadokawa games? In case you didn't know, Sony paid a HUGE price to buyout Guerilla Games from some other publishing company.Would /v/ sepeku if this happened?
6I wouldn't mind. I play on Sony consoles anyway.
This would be absolutely perfect, cause at least then the shitposting from Frombronies would significantly reduce since it's on one platform now.Oh wait.. we still have Sonyggers to worry about.
9Me too. PCucks and Xbonerboys can eat their scraps.
From SoftwareWho?
8being a retarded nintenyearold
5Now stop that.
6okay mom
6I wouldn't give a shit, I don't play the souls games.
Why would they do that? From Software/Sony have been working together for 20+ years and there's no sign of that relationship terminatingThey already have Miyazaki eager to work with them to continue his existing IPs and they even allow him creative freedom to work under new IPs with the backing of Sony Japan.Dark Souls may be multiplatform, but it's primarily played on PS3/PS4 because Souls players have PS4s for Bloodborne/Demon's Souls.What would Sony have to gain from this?
5secured rights and exclusivitythe internet would explode
3Again, why does exclusivity matter when they already have Souls fans by the balls?
1more money for sony, im not sureim pretty sure sony is kicking themselves in the balls for not buying out fromsoftware before kadokawa did
No thanks, I would like to continue to play Souls games at 60fps.
6Why would they need to buy Fromsoft? They already make exclusives for them whats the point? Exclusive exclusives?
1too bad you didn't get to experience bloodborneits fucking fantastic
6Well, if they reboot Tenchu and King's Field...
6What does Guerilla Games make?
3I just got it and 60fps would only make it better.
, 
, 
Will it happen, /v/?Is Bloodborne 2 definitely going to happen after how much of a success it was for Sony/From?
4Hopefully. DaSIII is great and all, but I can't go back to its slow and plodding combat after playing Bloodborne.Bloodborne ruined DaS for me.
Not until after the DLCs.
5Bloodborne is such a refinement. That strafe is SO DAMN good.4Well, obviously.
needs more weapons
4expansion should have more hunter tools and weapons
1expansionshouldfuck off
0chill your titties, it's more than likely that the expansion is going to have more tools and weapons.
4I have no Idea how they are going to expand the story to create a sequel though. Pls no more cycles
1This does not redeem the game
5can't go backfucking casual. I went back and played DaS2:SotFS after BB and swept the floor with it because it was so fucking slow.
2Probably set in another land or something. More than just the streets of Yharnam and Byrgenwerth
6Bloodborne is fantastic. Easily the best soulsborne game.
2I just fear it might not capture the same "Oh shit" moment when the truth was revealed to you.
2I have no Idea how they are going to expand the story to create a sequel though.Expand on the story of Cainhurst vs the Executioners.Become a Church hunter under Laurence and Ludwig.Perhaps set the game in Loran during its hard times.
0disagree
4Probably. I wouldn't mind a BB sequel at all. I'd rather they focus on making the upcoming expansion/DLC fantastic.6It doesn't need redeeming.
4considering there was more to insight and beasthood that was scrapped at last minute...i think there is plenty more to see.
4Which one is your favorite, anon?
I really don't want another DaS2. I'd almost rather they just make new IPs or return to stuff like Armored Core. These stories are just better when they're left slightly more mysterious.Maybe if they make it a prequel instead of a sequel. Like for DaS I think pretty much fucking everyone was thinking "I wonder what the world was like before all this" and then they just made it a sequel because fuck it. I don't want that same thing to happent to Bloodborne.
its shit cause sonyyou dont love video games
3It doesn't have to be a direct sequel. It could take place in another land, without hurting the lore of the first game. That's the most safe thing they could do.Bloodborne 2 definitely will happen.
3I like DaS I and II for different reasons, probably couldnt pickMaybe what I like most about them is the amount of viable playstyles based around what weapons you use and whatnot
6You know what. I'd play BB 2 if it's setting is the 1920's. Just imagine how cool that would be
6Considering Byrgenworth and the Healing Church are basically central to most of the plot, it seems like it would be difficult to pull off setting the game in another land entirely.
3return to stuff like Armored CoreYou mean that thing that made no money?rime?
1I just realized, E3 is so soon. Does anyone suspect we will be seeing any expansion info? More than likely no trailer though...
4Demon's Souls 2 never ;__;
0Trailer probably. A very short trailer
2Pretty sure Sony wants to move forwards with Bloodborne, not Demon's Souls. I'm sure they are passionate about DeS however with Dark Souls being a big series now having DeS 2 probably isn't a smart idea especially if they don't want namco bandai fucking FROM over
Not in a few years, by then I'll be ready for more BB. The expansion, DaS3, the inevitable DLC for that and Armored Core 6 please.
8That could actually be pretty neat. I'd play that.
These are the greatest games of all time, there is no debate about that. Nintendo haven't been able to top them, nor has anyone else, they've not even been matched. They had everything, perfect level design, perfect music, perfect gameplay, perfect graphics for the hardware, and it looks superb on dolphin. Why the hell did they do that 3D Land/World bollocks rather than just making a third one of these?
8When does 2 git gud?
they're okay
Get real, they're not even the best Mario games.
I hate 2. I actually played the first to prepare me for it and ended up loving it way more.Just something feels wrong about it.
832 sucks balls because of the fucking Mario 3 map. I'm sick and tired of that fucking garbage. Give me a fucking overworld to explore, for fucks sake.
5Wait, so the over-map brings down the entire game? I don't understand how that works.
8Reading your bullshit actually made me angry. Fuck you.
They would be perfect if they had Mario 64's dives and all that.
Hating Mario Galaxy is worse than denying the holocaust.

7Go on...
OP IS CORRECT AND NOT A FAG
8I've been playing Mario Galaxy 2 and while it's pretty good, I wouldn't say it's great because the levels feel kind of boring. They're really not much more than a bunch of floating blocks and shapes over a void. Feels kind of empty and lifeless because of that. I would have liked if there was a bit more window dressing
5Because it completely kills the atmosphere of the game. Look at Peach's Castle, Isle Delfino and the Comet Observatory. They serve to immerse you in their world, to make you feel all is connected. It's not a boring map with dots in it, it's an adventure in itself.
9Fair, but it's a sequel. Throwing you back into the Observatory wouldn't have been much better.
does 3D world actually count as a maingame mario game, like wii U's sunshine/galaxy? I get the feeling it was just meant to be the wii U counterpart to the 3DS game.
0You probably wanted "deep engaging conflicted characters" and "morally conflicted choices" Why the hell did they do that 3D Land/World bollocks rather than just making a third one of these?You just said: "Why did they do NEW thing instead of rehashing old thing?".Go sit in the corner and think about your behavior.
3Of course not, it should have had its own Overworld. Hell, even being able to actually pilot the Mario head floating around in space looking for worlds would had been a lot nicer.
5multiplayer focusedNope.
6Did you reply to the right post?
It gave us best girl
63D land is odd in that it's different but sort of isn't. It's basically just Galaxy 2's flaoting Islands but watered the fuck down since Mario is stuck with his basic jump and nothing else.Also Flagpoles.
53D World is more of a Mario game than the 3D games. And lets be clear, there are THREE 3D Mario games if we count Galaxy as a single game and we should, so people are out of line when they posture up those as the defining Mario experience. There's an entire history before 64 and I feel that 3D World appears more to that. No stupid ass story, just a main concept and levels: have fun.
2*appeals
4Why is she wearing Peach's earrings?
2Your Mario experience got terribly watered down with all those "New" games and now the Maker one, so the 3D Marios are what's left.
6it's just weird because it feels like it should at least be announced by now. A galaxy 3 would be cool since their would be no motion controls not counting gyro, gyro is fine. But I hope they do something new instead, it obviously can't be normal mario, sunny vacation, or space, I'm rooting for winter, feudal japan, night, or Jurassic theme, don't think these will be it but it'd like to guess it.
4The "New" games and Maker appeal to SMB1 and and that's it. That's the only concept they'll fuck with because the first game is engraved in history.
62015 is Super Mario's 30th anniversary, so it's either a surprise announcement this e3 or nothing.
5 Mario has to jump and climb flagpoles? FUCK THAT!!!! WHERE IS MUH CINEMTIC CUTSCENES OF MARIO FLYING THROUGH SPACE WITHOUT MY CONTROL? WHERE IS MUH SPACE PEACH?!
4Maker is the anniversary game.
4They're already making it look like Mario Maker is their big 30th title.
65
2Why are you sperging out?
 perfect level design, perfect music, perfect gameplay, perfect graphics for the hardwareIt's also boring and for 8 year olds.
Why is this allowed?
4Start a thread more cleverly, stupid asshole.
Etna's alright.
4dad walks in
I hope when I reincarnate I get to be a 1400 year old flat demoness.
7Damn, son
9But you'll regret it.
9WHY SHE IS SO FLAT?
2Where'd you find this?
0She didn't eat right.
4yeah, why are you allowed to post a thumbnail? I can't fap to that.
4As long as I get to be a 1400 year old demonness I don't care if I'm flat or not.
3Good point. Demon life does sound pretty fun too.
I want Etna to pee on me 
5Jesus fucking Christ anon.
5Become a prinny and she'll do much more then that.
There will never be another Disgaea game, ever againFeels bad man.
0There will be another game silly exclusively for ios and android devices.
4you have to pay to unlock other job classes
4It's okay man, she's over 1000 years old, man.
0female samurai
fenfen will never sit on your face
0character paid gatcha
7Thankfully for me, my favorite wouldn't fall into that trap but they might you pay for her death heal evility.
4because she's a succubus.
0Reincarnation now requires a ten hour wait in real time"Reincarnate your unit instantly for only 2.99."
0They need to stop, anyway. They should have stopped at the first sequel, actually. It ran its course and it exhausted all its jokes and the writing talent isn't good enough to make it more serious.
0Can't pay 2.99 to reincarnate your actual self
0you can only visit the item world once every few hours and only for ten floors at a time"unlimited item world running for the next hour for 0.99!"
7Actually according to D2 she's a majin
4Which one is this? D2 or 5?Please don't be 5, I don't wanna give NISA money
75. And even if you were to buy it used you'll have to give them your money anyway since it's DLC apparently.
7Its 5
20But I thought that redesign was from D2?Well, fuck it, I'll have to live with the webm.
1It is but they made the skill look slightly better.
0Etna is DLCI'm out.
9Her, Laharl, and Flonne. They also removed the post game as well.
Stupid Americans asking why something is allowed rather than why something shouldn't be allowed. When did this happen?
2That's not even a miniskirt anymore. Fucking whore. Flat and delicious whore slut.
5She hasn't worn a skirt for quite some time now, she wears short shorts.
6Disgusting manslave.
4No the post-game it's still there but is very small
6More like whore shorts.Those are leather panties anon.
4Its a lewd character drawn in a stylized style. whats the problem?
1What is there to it, just Baal?
1As in "your dick" small?
Post more Etna you fucks.
1I hate when artists draws the fangs like that. Shit just looks weird.
I wanna fuck that thousand year old demon.
2You get the three villains in your party and asagiBaal will be a dlc probably inb4:rage dlcBaal in 4 was also a free DLC
Any news on when will we start getting them NIS games on PC?
1That is something I guess. Are their maps hard or interesting?
5Around about never. Unless you emulate.
5
30Oh, you haven't heard then.Go to siliconera or nichegamer
Why are all prinnies complete push-overs? Aren't these supposed to be hardened killers and evil-doers?
5None yet. It'll probably be a few months before we hear anything else about it.
3I Didn't see yet but the DLC maps and stories are interesting
4Disgaea 1, Soul Nomad, and parts of phantom brave and makai kingdom are the only good NIS games and the company deserves to go backrupt for being aggressively lazy, anti-consumer and in general acting like the only person in town that sells drugs.
1Anon, you sound as retarded as those "CID ID TOO SEXY FOR A MECHANIC!!!" whores.And Laharl is a ruthless demon lord I suppose.
4merica feels bad about nuking japanlets them get away with just about anything#nukeguilt
1because they explode when thrown, something you apparently can't ever fight against in disgaea land unless they hold you for a really long time
6
Guys, I started playing Hour of Darkness on the weekend and was having a good time until the Mid-Boss guy stage. Some random enemy two shotted laharl with wind and the rest of my party was no match for anyone, not even the grunts. Do I really just have to grind? Or is there something I'm missing going in blind.
2Did you not notice that enemy standing on a fancy glowing panel?Did you not notice a huge list of text that pops up when you mouse over that enemy showing it has hella buffs?I'm not sure if you can somehow turn off geo panels but that's what it is, you have to sneak past that guy and turn all that stuff off
2Study the map more carefully next time.
2Never grind. The rest of the game is all about abusing throws and the geo effects.
2Doesn't help that the battles are slow and boring as fuck.I love these characters and humour, but fuck that gameplay. I still wait for a typical turn based Disgaea.
4the gameplay of disgaea is all about finding various ways to cheat so you don't have to put up with it and actually slowly fight enemies
584Well shit, anons. I'll definitely give it another shot now.
8Can I fug those in D5?
4Because it sells games.mfw people want an annoying loli more than Prier
8At least she still gets some love. Marjoly has been absent since 3.
7_No_8la pucelle dlc chapterOnly Demon Prier2No more marl kingdom everNo more cornet
8I loved La Pucelles setting. More games need to have a bright world with undertones of evil. Prier is also a great character.But La Pucelle would have worked 100x better as an ARPG or turn based RPG. Not a tactical game.
Never buy a game recommended by your genitals.
Why is this allowed indeed, int based move for a str character.
9_No_No wonder it bombed. Shit game.
7They loved to do that shit in the first game, which sucked even harder for monsters since there were no int based monster weapons back then.
Why is Disgaea the only NIS IP that gets attention?
4It's the one that sells the most.At least W100K will be getting a sequel.
4Marketing. Just like PS4 success.
BUILT PURELY FOR SECKSUILTPURELYFORSECKS
4Every time I see Etna all I can smell is semen.
2It's kind of interesting that, on the NIS America side of things, that DR2 outsold the enhanced Disgaea 4 release pretty well. Maybe Disgaea's just a fading brand.
4you will never make etna smell like your own semen
4You too huh.
4You should see a doctor
4Because having pedo bait guarantees sales to weebs.
6man wtfalthough tsundere homo werewolf steward is my favorite in disgaea 4
0what? really? whats your source?
9 she is called majin etna since the first game
I wonder if they'll look back and realize dlc killed everything, or will they blame something else?i bailed from the series right when i saw the dlc for disgaea 3 ps3
1Honestly I doubt DLC was what truly killed it. I just think people got burned out on the franchise. For me the NISA translations on top of the constant Super Turbo versions are what made me not bother anymore. The DLC was also a contributor though.
2NIS is dead.D5 sold like shit and they decided to go for mobiles. Also most of their team abandoned the boat for Compile Heart.
3For me the NISA translationsBut I thought the Disgaeas were properly translated, unlike the Neps?Doesn't help that supposedly NISA made over 60% of the total NIS profit on the last report.Yep, NISA ain't going anywhere.
3does this mean that the next nep game might actually be fun to play?
3This. I got burned out on NIS games as soon as Phantom Brave came out. I saw they were basically just remaking the same type of Tactical RPG with different settings and characters.I'd probably have been more interested if they took a break and made a game in a different genre once in a while. But there's little chance of that after Disgaea got popular. Not a problem. I got Vanillaware for diversity.
3They really should give the series a break and try some new things out for awhile. As much as I love the series, it is getting kind of stale at this point.
3Are they actually heading for mobile now? Even if NIS deserves most of what's happening to them, I wouldn't wish that fate on anyone.
5People are saying that V-II has actual decent gameplay.
So does Etna actually like like Laharl or is it ambiguous?
210/10, would not skip animation
7They are interested in porting to PC too so that might make things a bit better.1She does but more in the she wants him to be like his dad and be a good ruler then anything else.
13dlc was only the icing on the cakemaking shitty overly pandering games without any thought put into them, and then beyond that having them be objectively poorly made with reused assets and many glitches/crashes is what ruined disgaeathat, and NIS falling behind the curve. they tried to ride the otaku market as far as it'll go without realizing neptunia was doing that niche but infinitely better
1disgaea 1 pretty clearly draws a brother/sister relationship of some sort, as shown by the ending of chapter 5 where they joke about how they're both going to murder eachotherlater games make a lot of threesome/harem jokes because I guess people like etna way more than flonne
1Depends on what you mean by "like". They clearly trust one another, but will never admit it since demons totally don't have feelings.
I've had a crush on Etna for many years now
2on the NIS America side of thingsWho cares
2At least W100K will be getting a sequel.
I want to titfuck Laharl while she cross her arms
1nice
Which Disgaea has the most lewd?I think I'm going to start with that and move myself slowly to the other games while masturbating.
1She wanted to fuck his dad but got cucked.
7Disgaeas have no lewd.Etna, Beryl and Desco are sex semen swalllowing demons incarnated, but theres no lewd.
5If we ever get them, hope you are ready to have an over clocked i7 and dual 970s at least to run the gameNIS sucks at coding, and their games are optimized as fuckNIS is the company who outright said "We need the PS3 to make this 2D sprite game on a low fidelity isometric 3D map have more height layers than 1, because the PS2 just couldn't do that"also their games shitting themselves up with simple code injections from translators, and fan translation projects being almost impossible because of how much of a clusterfuck their code isI really don't want to see them unrestricted by hardware capabilities, because if they start doing PC games, their game will be slightly optimized to their rig and their rig only, and even then it will run like shit
Perflat.
4I don't see anything wrong with your pic.
5Damn that's nice
9You bet your ass it is.
Was that game with the witch and the knights any good?
9733
5flat SenransWhat a wonderful world
5too flat
4
0There's no such a thing as "too flat".As long as it's not concave, it's game.
1context?
I'm thinking about picking up Mugen Souls, what do you guys think?
5Localized version is censoredalong with more bugs than the JP version. Import the JP version.
4archive dead, thought I wouldn't find another Etna thread ever again.good thing i was wrong.
1i-is that real?
5tfw i already fapped to Etna 3 times todayanon please, my dick can't take much more.6You never posted this one in the thread, Dog_fart
don't you die on me, thread.
6Why is archive kill?
7They're basically dating now
5It's not, disregard me, I suck cocks. The search function was dead all day long, but it's back now.
3Shit, I thought it was an upscaled pc 98 screenshot from the thumbnail.
7
4God, why is Etna so perfect?
9Because flat.
9Everyone is DLC.Here's a list of DLC characters!LaharlEtnaFlonneSicilyLaharl-chanAdellRozalinAxelMaoAlmazRasperylSapphireSalvatoreValvatorezFenrichArtinaFukaDescoEmizelZettaPettaPramDemon PriereNisaPlenairwhat, you wanted NEW DLC? well fuck you. Welcome to Jewsgaea.
1So what the fuck even came with the base game?
9Uhhmm. Asagi?guess what she still doesn't have a game
1What the fuck...that must some kind of edit or just a joke out of context.
9She's simply the best girl in the entire series.Best looks, best personality.
1you bought on Vita and get all DLC included
0NIS developed games are generally good, its just the American branch decided to start picking up shit games from shit-tier developers like Compile Heart to localize along with their internally-developed NIS stuff.
4Because It wasn't forbidden.
0Not La PucelleNot Rhapsody or the entire Marl Kingdom seriesSpotted the pleb!
anyone have any interesting draw requests involving Etna?
1Grinding on Raspberyl with implied nudity.
2implied nudity? so their nudity needs to be obscured by something?
5Yes, barely shown is fine too though.
3that ancient youtube UI
3you specified Etna grinding on Raspberyl, so raspberyl just being passive?
4It doesn't matter to me.
4It's not. Mods, ban this asshole.
0Alright, wrote it down. I won't be able to draw it right now, but I'll get down to it in the near future.
5Where will you post it?
2Seconded.
3probably in the /v/ drawthread
All this shitposting about DisgaeaNot playing the superior PSP and Vita portsOh please. Of course I understand the rage about D3 if you played it on PS3, that shit was inexcusable. I also have to agree that D5 doesn't interest me the slightest, I don't know why that is.But D4 on Vita is all kinds of awesome, definitely one of the best in the series just because of all the gameplay improvements. Still waiting for Disgaea D2 and Guided Fate Paradox to make their way on Vita, maybe next year since it's then been about three years since they were released, and D4 was ported for Vita after that same amount of time. Here's hoping.
I really am just burnt out on Disgaea. Even tired of Etna, frankly. They need to move on from this franchise or at least take a really long break. Or come up with something really new even for the old characters besides long last family members. The old characters just seem like the same old characters from when they were first revealed. The gimmicks just don't stop.
1Oh, that sucks.
8DD2 and D5 aren't getting Vita ports because NIS knew that people would just wait for them, because that's exactly what happened when they announced D4 would have a vita port before it was even released on PS3.
3I'll upload it to the /v/ booru as well, then.
1Ugh.
started playing 4 on the vitashit's funIts literally the only turn based rpg I enjoy playingwhat are the chances of a special edition of D2?Dont care if Vita or PS4
tfw i can never have a team of my main character and 9 cheerleaders surrounding himno hd cheerleader spriteHOLYU FUCK
5lol is only $3 to reincarnate unitlater holy shit how have i spent $50 on this stupid game Microtransactions are a sneaky trap
Why she is so kawaii?
Oh yeah, and where the hell is the remake of Soul Nomad? Or Phantom Brave HD? That game would really deserve HD treatment seeing how poorly made the PSP port was. The way they handled the cutscenes with larger, more detailed sprites and actually animating them was wonderful. Also, the music and the story. The only thing I didn't like that much was the basic gameplay, and complaining about it feels a bit forced. It's a shame to see how their recent announcements haven't been anything of interest for me.9I really hope it doesn't come down to that. One of the reasons I bought Vita were Disgaea ports and possible other NIS games, just like with PSP. A great amount of awesome shit. D2 would be the last Disgaea game I would need to play anymore, it would suck Marjoly HAH if they would leave Vita n favor of a freaking PS4, like there aren't enough developers on that console already. Or like Vita isn't already dying a way-too-early death.I fucking hate PS4, everyone goes apeshit over a console that has nothing while Vita is getting the shaft for offering one of the best games of last year. Just my opinion but Christ, it sucks.
9tfw bought D4 on PS3D4 for vita gets announceddrop the ps3 version instantlyit was worth it
1A PS4 port would make little to no sense, the game works fine on PS3 already. A Vita port would be more probable and frankly more awesome. If only NIS would really make it.
3because shes fucking sexy.
8Oh my God, I literally had the same. Got to play the PS3 version only 14 hours before the announcement came.
5but I have doubts they would be able to make a vita version, seeing how the remake of 4 performsMaybe on the vita's successorit would make sense, IF they added bonus material and all DLC to the base game
3Raspberyl best grillAxel best boy
0But didn't they release a patch that fixed the framerate issues? Or was it just some of them?
1
1It almost looks like flonne has a boner
I'm not the only one who made his own keyblade out of a PVC pipe and cardboard, right?
/v/ pls
i made one but with a metal pipe instead
i made one out of legos. It defended my virginity quite well.
9I did that too
0Please tell me you made it for a cosplay you stupid faggot.
PVC pipelegosFucking pussies. I made mine out of real wood. whats the point of a weapon if it can't kill someone.
I made the Deep Jungle world's keyblade out of a bunch of sticks from my backyard and masking tape.
0Broom keyblade master race
2WoodNot steelYou're as much of a faggot as they are.
2Same here. I made the Kingdom key, Oathkeeper, Oblivion, and Soul Eater all out of wood.
9Broom keybladeNot Swiffer keybladeIt's almost like you don't want to clean house.
6Wood is a perfectly valid material for weapons. In many cases it's better than metal because of how much faster and easier you can swing it. Plus I didn't have access to any metal or the tools to use it as a damn 12 year old. 
my dad and I made the kingdom key together out of just wood, we then painted it with gold and white but it was too short to look like the real thing, it was what would have have been of the fairy harp keyblade from neverland
9Using the Swiffer keyblade unironicallyI bet you also like to spam water spells, fucking faggot
My cousin and I made one out of styrofoam and wood.
2I was like 10 nigger. I just wanted to play with my friends
0Of course not OP, there are a lot of autstic people.
don't worry OP, you ain't alonemade mine out of wood in like sophomore year of high school. it was the only time i let the power level loose though.
0I made one out of a steel pipe and a bunch of rebar. It's crooked as a dirty cop and looks like shit, but it could turn a motherfucker's face to a shredded mess.
4that accuracythat craftsmanshipGoddamn anon, that's literally the best homemade Keyblade I've ever seen
not cardboard, no.
9He doesn't like using water spellsHe purposely dropped Pine-Sol and chose LysolUse whatever keyblade you want, man. Just don't come crying when you start getting your shit pushed in at the Mr. Clean boss fight.
4that smooth as fuck woodthat attention to detailAnon, thats some grade A craftsmanship.
5Getting trouble with Mr. CleanJesus Christ, how casual can you be? Don't you know how to dodge?
0My dad carved one for me out of a hugeass log we found in the woods. Along with a katanaI broke them both within minutes of him finishing themHe stopped making me wooden weaponsI'm so sorry dad
5every boss in kh
14gee thanks anonsunfortunately theres no way to make something not look cheap when you spray paint it so it ended up looking a bit worse. kinda wish i kept it dry
I just bought a keyring.
1It's still 80,000,000 times more impressive and accurate than just about anything else this fandom has tried to do
1electric taped handleSo I'm not the only one who does this? Also the spray paint thing is a bummer, dry  painted.
6electric tape was the best weapon handle material.
5Needing to dodge Mr. Clean, everNot using Block and Reflect to react faster during his desperation moveSee, this is the power of Pine-Sol. I got the Golden Bucket in my Level 1 Spring Cleaning run with it so you're in no position to call others a casual. I bet you didn't even finish the Clorox hunt, you pleb.
not making a keyblade, but theres a weeaboo convention this weekend in my town, and im going as Micolash, Host of the Nightmare from Bloodborne.I'm just finishing up my mensis cage
1Well I'm no craftsman but is there something you can do to give it a metallic look? As it is, it looks very wooden especially the "blade" part.
6Nigga, this shit is fucking painfull for speedruns, its way easier to just use the Handy Andy summon after the first boss
So, anyone going to buy the Billy Mays DLC? They are going to include a bunch of unique items, some of them are even going to be unlocked in 3, still better than pre ordering anyway
3ends of the earthgood taste
1Yeah, Handy Andy is good for consistency, but achieving that level where you can control Scrubbing Bubble's awkward movement is amazing. It puts the Brawny summon to shame.
dad made me a really detailed Kokiri Shield out of wood when I was youngput metal handles on the back so I could actually use it tfw my arms won't go through the handles anymore
8Your dad sounds cool, anon
8So like...when adult link couldnt use the shield anymore either?Looks like you need to get a hylian shield. I suggest just going to the graveyard to get it.
Made my own DONUT STEEL keyblade out of wood with my own hands at 16everyone kept asking if it was Oblivion despite not even being the same color, or shape, or size, or anything like thatit was actually short like Rumble Rose because short keyblades a bestnow have a mixture of cringe because of its existence, and pride that I went out of my way and made it with my own handsThey're fun to hold and carry around, at least. Too bad you look stupid no matter how hard you try not to.
2short keyblades a bestExcellent taste
7They just make sense.
8grandad used to cut out wooden swords and nunchucks for ushad a sword of omens, he-man power sword, panthro nunchucksWish I still had that stuff.
How did Xseed become shit in less than a year?
Dubs  Subs.Deal with it you fucking weeb.
Blame Falcom. They won't let them have the Japanese audio track, it's happened with every fucking Falcom game.And it's especially shitty because Falcom were the ones to beg XSEED to localize Sen too.
Giving a shit about voice-acting in videogames at all.
I CAN'T PLAY MY VIDEO GAMES IN GLORIOUS NIPPONESE WAAAHHHHHHHHHfuck off
At least they tried, instead of saying they had no intentions of getting dual audio.
4It's not that they won't let them, but because they can't addord it. They have to pay additional fee's to the Voice Actors apart from Falcom itself
5Probably this, voice actors have very strong bargaining positions in Japan.
9It's OK when XSEED does it.
8weebs go home
8It's OK when it's a matter of budget, it's not OK when the publishers don't do it because they think their audience would want an english dub instead of the original even though they localize niche Japanese games.
98If NISA of all people can get Jap voices in literally all of the games they localize, there's no reason Xseed can't.It just means they just didn't try hard enough or they didn't want to cover the costs.
Naw at this point they're just shilling dubs. They're shit now
5If NISA of all people can get Jap voices in literally all of the gamesBut they didn't. Operation Abyss is dubbed only.
muh subs
1Nah, some games really do have crazy good dubbing. Soul Sacrifice Delta's dubbing was god tier. I tried listening to the japanese audio and I just couldn't.... had to go back to the english dubs due to how great the narrator was in english.
4Passing kidney stones hurts do.
2really ? fuck Amazon already shipped it
1Akiba's Trip dubIt was actually extremely good. The true endings were really well done.
8This I like to hear the sound of my people.
caring about ching chong voicesthe literal definition of cuck
I just checked their twitter and found out they are localizing the new popolocrois gamethanks op
8Do you have idea how much voice acting companies charge to license their stuff outside of japan in royalties? A fucking tonne that's what, probably more than the game would make. Them offering a dub in its place instead of no audio is pretty good, but the situation is shit to begin with. And hey, XSEED far from became shit, they just announced Estival Versus.
check Xseed's twitterThey're localizing SK2, SK:EV, Corpse party Blood Drive, and not 1, but 2 EDF games Vita and PS4 all this yearHow can one company be so fucking based
8Because they haven't?
All I'll say is, we've revealed almost everything at this point.Almost.PREDICTION TIME /V/WHAT THEY GOT STILL IN THE BAG?
8Ys 8.It's a given, just don't know if it would be this early.
81I REALLY don't see Ys 8 this early. But considering they've been butt buddies with Falcom, I don't know. Global launch, maybe?I'd say Natsuiro has a better chance.
caringI'm learning japanese and I still prefer dubs. Deal with it nerds.
8Maybe Tokyo Xanadu?
99% of voice performances suck in any languageWhy do people care again?
8XSeed have been pretty shit for a long time. Fucks sake, look at the otaku garbage they localized last year and how they handled TitS SC. They hired fucking Carpe Fulgur. People only like them because they don't have much a of choice if they want to play Japanese games.
3Because original voices.Also Andersen is vastly superior in Japanese.
5kek
5It's superior because I can't understand how fucking stupid they soundTypical weeb.
7Return it asap.
8someone love pig squeal so much, they cant play it without original pig sound
Screw dual audio alone. Why are there so few games that offer the option to switch to the original text?
8dubs onlyNot buying.
6Except I do speak Japanese.And I'm not a native English speaker either.When I watch hollywood movies I don't want the actors to be dubbed over either, cause I'm not an illiterate fucktard.
8not getting the inevitable undubpleb
6VitaundubIs it possible at least to disable voices so I don't have to deal with the disgusting english voices?
8This is literally false. Sometimes you can get an English dub that is bareable, but due to the nature of the 2 countries' respective voice acting industries, Japanese dubs are 100% of the time better than their western equivalents.
5NISA offer that option in all their games and XSeed do sometimes. Akiba's Trip 2 had it. It's a common feature in Asianhong kong releases although you may need to switch your console's language to change the language in game. Almost all 360 games have all the languages on disc if you're willing to change your locale in the settings.
Japanese gameis completely dubbed in english even in the nip release
5You know Sen no Kiseki is on PS3 too, right?
Senran Kagura: The Localizer
2This x1000. I speak Japanese so I just watch the Jap dubs raw, but even you don't speak Japanese you'd have to be retarded to think the Eng dubs are better.I don't think your comparison to hollywood movies is very apt though, because when it comes to a cartoon or a game, both are dubbed by voice actors no matter what language. You're not watching someone act with another person dub on top of them like you otherwise would be in a live-action film. If English dubs were on the same quality level as Japanese clubs I'd theoretically see nothing wrong with watching them, but they are rarely even close to their Japanese counterparts.When one of the best actors in the industry is an ex power ranger it says something about the quality of the acting on display.
0Are you serious? Maybe that's because SS isn't your typical JRPG kawaii game.
Good English dubs of Japanese games:Metal GearNierMost of Grasshoppers gameOther than that, I really can't think of anything.
5Tales of Vesperia actually got a really fucking good English dub, as did Lost Odyssey.
5Literally why not just buy/pirate the Japanese version instead of the English one. That's what I do.You can usually the game earlier, and maybe even cheaper.
They were already shit because their localizations are liberal as fuck. They only got a free pass because they didn't censor anything.
5When one of the best actors in the industry is an ex power rangerWhat the fuck does this mean? Some of the most popular actors used to be a drug addicts, slackers, wrestlers, Disney slaves, and rappers.
7Didn't you see the posts where they were proven wrong when they said they couldn't fit the Japanese audio and English audio on the same Vita cart? It's in every Nisa hate thread.
9As a translator, I just want to let you know that your statement that their work is bad because they don't directly translate everything is fucking retarded.Japanese is not just English with all the words replaced. Japanese people say entirely different things than people say in English, both in terms of the manner of speaking and the content of what is said. In order to avoid the most unnatural English imaginable, translators HAVE to take liberties with the translations. If you read the most liberal translation possible it would be fucking horrible.
8Sub-only weeb thinking one of the few good localization companies left that goes above and beyond getting us quality JRPGS is shit just because they can't get dual audio because of the owner of IP outright refusing.I'm tired of you weebshits ruining gaming, you did to the JRPG genre by supporting shit like Nep and Compile Heart and you're doing it now again by boycotting some of the few quality JRPGS to get localized in months and shitting on such a happy, earth-shattering announcement!Just go back to /a/ already and make anime and waifuism your permanent hobby, please!
7Most popular actor doesnt mean best and power rangers isn't exactly known for its high standard of acting prowess.
1jap dubsbetter
Oh shit nigger you're a lizard.Your kind is in the middle of a war against the spiders for control of the cupboard.What do you do?Previous threads:
0PUNCH SELF IN FACE
0
9ass the situation
8
8Research new plane design.
8Interrogate the Spider Prisoner
4"We have a spider prisoner?"
0check research status and resources.
0well, we have his leg anyway.
3winning with a low number againdead thread already.
3
3EAT COOKIE
3Outfit everyone with armor and GUNS level 2.
3Perform tests on the Cookie
7
1get better armor and check map overview.
1There was nuts in it... You're deathly allergic to nuts, it turns out.
12
1remove all equipment and go pick a fight with the alpha spider. There is no way he can win if our speed is superior
5
4Quick... Get the... Syringe...
4POWER THROUGH ITBECOME IMMUNE TO NUTS THROUGH SHEAR WILLPOWER.
4pass out and enter the realm of dio
4"This one?"
Get anticlimactic shock
2No... The bigger one...
2use it on buttnot your own
2DO I LOOK LIKE A DOCTOR TO YOU
5You used the syringe on butt
1Fucking idiot..
1This was a terrible idea.Pass out
1whos smoke is that?
1HEIMLICH MANEUVER DIO QUICK
7Heimlich maneuver for an allergic reaction
7"gayyy"
7ZA, WARUDO!
7Cookie gets ejected into 'gayy' lizard's face.
7Heimlich maneuver for an allergic reaction
7you finally pass out and get a vision from your lizard ancestor, they tell you a prophecy
8
52
2REVERSE TIME TO BEFORE YOU ATE THE COOKIE
2Pass outHeimlich maneuver for an allergic reaction
2Explode into his face
2that white dotAWW SHIET THATS ONE THOSE SPY-FLIES THAT WORK FOR SPIDEYS
6This will be represented by a bossfight with a nutDefeat the nut to overcome your allergy
0Bring out your nutcracker doll.
0YOU FIGHT LIKE A DAIRY FARMER
0Use star platinum to punch the nigger straight to the sun
0Megidolaon
6
1IT'S TIME TO CRACK SOME NUTS
1Nut Boss pulls his own lizardcracker doll
0Try to seduce him
1start crackin
1down, insert nut, upnuts are literally inanimate objects
1throw the doll at it and cower in fear
9And now, a lesson on how to properly use a nutcracker
1DIO LEVELS UP
1smoke that nut cracks to show your new won nut immunity
1Now that that's been taken care of, switch the perspective to the crusade against the spiders.
1Tell Dio to get off of you now that you are no longer allergic.
1Elephant Hitler with his army of Elephant Nazi's comes by. He congratulates us on a job well done and comes back with us.
16
7
76
76
76
Actually make it in one of this threads earlywowlucky day
7where is the spider enemy? engage the spider enemy
7dio dies
9"I am merely a part of your immagination, wake up" says Elephant Hitler
5Wake him up inside.
5if we believe strong enough he will become reality!
5Dio wakes up and 6
5We wake up. But Elephant Hitler is there as well
5Fine fuck this, what proceed to plan 9/11 on spiders
5mustache above noseEat more peanut cookies
5[CANT_WAKE UP
8
6NOW WE CAN PLAN 9/11 ON SPIDERS
6We have ascended toSPOOKY DIO
67
6let's get some sick metall coating on his skeleton
6SAAAAAAAAAAAVE ME
6Thanks Mr. Skeletal.
6make some sweet lizard jacket out from your lizard skin
6Hey you get back in there!You're supposed to stay secret until we need to power up and split!
6Check your exo skello teen
ARE WE EVER GOING TO CONTINUE PLANNING TO KILL THE SPIDERS?
6Adopt an ant as your loyal pet
9
6Jamal slaps Dio back into consciousness.
6is some lizard going to actually help him?the nut allergy is doing that
6Elephant Hitler in real life drops by to ask if Dio is doing okay.
6They can't save him from the nothing he's become
6the jews are plotting against us
6LET'S GET DOWN TO BUSINESSTO DEFEATTHOSE NUNS!
9"Is Dio okay?""Nah, he exploded"
78
7Some lizard empty a bucket of ice cold water on Dio lizard
7Wake up, finally. As soon as Elephant Hitler arrives
7Look for the black gay priest. Hopefully he'll bring Dio back.
7elephant Hitler offers to help us against the spiders if we help him to eliminate the jew rhinocerus
9This woke you up.Probably
7enough of this tom foolery and kill something!
34
3get nifty side-grade from the experience3
3Mussolini Armadillo is also concerned about the consciousness of Dio
The Lizard and Dio eliminated the jews and aussies. The internet is saved.
3you mean jews and BRs
9"oi vey"
7enough stupid shit, lets kill some spidersDio akbar
7T-REX CHOMPS JEW RHINO INTO PIECES
7Elephant Hitler is removed from the adventure permanently by a non-retcon-able disease.
7Elephant Hitler joins the party. Check his stats/move list
7Construction on the plane has finished!
3
7Stop fucking around Dio lizardwake up
7dance party with elephant hitler
7Lizard becomes double comatose
39
6
7Lizard hosts a late night show and invites a clown
5We inherit the Jew Rhino's estate and wealth. Turns out we are Jewish lizards.
5It's T-Rex Stalin!
0Nope, without jews and aussies /pol/ will die. People will grow intelligence to contact other life in space. God will return. We have sexy party.
5Elephant Hitler provides us free nazi uniforms to us.
59starring Kim jong un and George W. Bush
5Vomit out the Jew. It was undercooked.
3sounds like degeneracy to me
5Dubs says the next scene will be the lizard becoming a Tranny and loving it
8"JEEEEEEEEEEEEEW"
9try again, you'll get it next time
5Hey, it's me, your brother
7I forgot to mention that there wont be any DLC anymore
997
7NOW WE CAN CONTROL THE CUPBOARD with MONEY
74
7kill all the jew lizards in your army
7Elephant Hitler cleanses us of our jewishness
7You're a jew too, you lizardhead.We all get stereotypical jewish hats and braided hair.
7The lizard becomes an anti jew, /pol/
7Bribe IGN for good reviews on your lizarddom using your new found newness.
7Acquire shekels
8But i'm australian so I don't pay for DLC anyway
4or the spiders will just kill you and take the money
9someone is butthurt i guess. can't handle a bit elephant hitler? what a faggot
9
9"oh man he's dead, but you're still a JEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEW"
5don't get too mad that I killed your husbando
2Set up the bomb
2The jew lizard turn out to be a fake, the real lizard kills fake
2We can still take over the cupboard you faggitwho says Jew lizards can't kill spiders
2Wait. But so are you. Look you have a yamaka on!
2Regular Hitler rises from the remains of Elephant Hitler and joins the party
2It was his body double. Elephant Hitler arrives on scene and cleanses us of our jewishness
9Jewish Rhino detected
23
8
293
2NEXT!
2Dan akroid cures the lizards jew virus he also defuse bomb
2set it near Spider HQ
2advance plot
2nextAlso can you make like a rule where posts like 0 that are literally just referring posts replying to a previous image get ignoredsick of seeing that shit and in triplicate
2Spider SWAT squad appears!
23
2Set up the failure rate to 75% while Yuffie sings the train song
2Yell petulant insults like Nuts-for-Brains
Sjw take over 4chan 4evar
9Jamal comes running in with terrible news"OH SHIT DIO THE SPIDERS KIDNAPPED YOUR FAMILY"
3Gather the lizard council, we need to have a meeting.
3NOT MY JEWISH well now jewish LIZARD FAMILY
3japanese vampire Hitler joins the party, this is unretconable!
3It was elephant hitler. He find out we were jewish. His body double died
3Lizard wakes up from coma
3"It's a good thing we just kidnapped their eggsack"
3FINISH SETTING THE BOMB. WE MUST STOP THE SPIDERS AT ANY COST!
3Commence the work on the master plan to save your family.
3but dio never had onewhos family did they nipnap?
3Hire private detective edward carnby moustache like in aitd1
96somehow I underestimated the butthurt
3chug painkillers and fill your bullet-time, this just got personal
3somehow i managed to counterfuck you
3le mester trole xd
The Lizard becomes an amish power ranger
9
06
3Reroll
0His name is Stroheimhis power is to umhave a katana in his torso
0Bennito Mousealini joins the party!
0Wait a minute, that's just a mask!OLD MAN SKELETON?!?!
83You're doing it wrong, bozo
9stop trying to force your shit, faggit
8he won't use it if you don't reply to the most recent post
0clip
4I wasnt here for the first one and I'm not click that bait
holy shit enough with these hitler copies let's just follow the plot
9"Why are you doing this?!""All jews must be eliminated"
4Waaah! Stop doing things I don't want you to do!
If one more fucking Hitler shows up I swear to god I'll do absolutely nothing.
9Trick Time!
9Vampire japanese Hitler, help us!
9T-REX CHOMPS ELEPHANT HITLER INTO PIECES
9Lizard wakes next to a naked sexy male clown.
9He tortures them in the most diabolical way possible
9they start savin the hostages
9meanwhile at the chinese spider HQ
4"AGH! BITTEN BY MY ARYAN BRETHREN, WHY?""Nigga they're not even jewish""oh, b-but dio is""Only on his side of the family"
4MeanwhileSpider HQ
4Sheogorath enters the battle
439enough
4MEANWHILE, IN R&D DEPARTMENT...
4Start planning mission with the crew to save your family.
4Because the two Hitlers made contact they fuse together
4elephant hitler fucking dies, leaving only the one true hitler back: japanese vampire hitler and his glorious nippon vampire army.
4elephant hitler turns into japanese vampire elephant and they start doing some kinky hentainoMEANWHILE AT SPIDER HQ
8pls pls use my choice pls, pls notice me
4Dio lizard wakes up in a tub of ice with a removed kidney
8You wake up from your strange dream brought on by your nut allergy. It was very strange since you haven't settled down and have a family yet. You don't even have a gf
5quiet you.we could spend another 2 threads on this kinda shit.
5acquire gf
5He becomes triple comatose
5be sad about lack of gf
5Cut to spider HQ
5Cutscene to Bonnie genociding Spiders.
5The dream has taught you a valuable lesson.Hitlerfags are confirmed worse than Zebrafags
5Elephant Hitler checks our temperature
5Draw tfw no lizard gf
5Fine, lets plan 9/11 on spiders already 3what are you, from tg? too serious about our quests?
0ur gay
9"MAY THE CUPBOARD BE CLEANSED OF YOUR FILTH. HOLY AK FIRE SHALL REDEEM YOUR SOUL"
1Can't argue with that
4is it working?
3I'm going to make it my goal to constantly bring up Elephant Hitler just to stir up your autism43
4Baby spider crawls up to you and says "dada"
4Bonnie is faced with the spider miniboss: Jumping Giovanni
4we get technology upgrade, his armor upgrades itself midbattle
4Back to RTS mode and planning 9/114being this much of a zebranigger this early into a new adventurecome on now
4Spiders get an upgrade to necro-mech. Summoning dead spiders from the dead while turning kitchen utensils into killer robots
4snakes are filming a propaganda film and tells bonnie take a little break
4that seems like a pretty autistic thing to do, friend
4I'm going to ruin a thread because fuck youNot him, but I find that very mean anon.
0no, but i do know how badly these things can get sidetracked with completely trivial AND randum shit that leads us nowhere. gotta be limits man, just a fact.
0Being this much of a fun-hating niggercome on now
9ur gay
9no matter how many times babby's first dictator is inserted into the thread, it will not become fun
4elephant hitler is fine, just be clever with him faggot..
8Ah! Jumping Giovanni! The spider with springs attatched to his legs!
98
6Samefag
3SWEEP THE LEGSESPECIALLY THE ONES WITH SPRINGS
3he jumps too hardhe smashes himself to death on the ceiling
3He squished himself by accident from jumping up to the ceiling fan
3RIP AND TEARor don't, whatever
3SWEEP THE LEGS
7"AHAHA! BEHOLD! MY INCREDIBLE JUMPING ABILIT-"
5lol. Laugh at the spider
3comment on giovanni's tommy gun and call it a faggot
5Level updid he get any new loot?
5Elephant Hitler takes him back to his base for nazi experiments
5Greg hears the splat and wanders into the room
5LEVEL UP BONNIE
5loot his gun9okay now stop that, you are now being autistic yourself
6Ur gay.
9Are you intending to be as autistic as possible here?
0ur gay
5He drops a rare item, it's a ultra rare sheep stick. Now Lizard can command the element of sheep.
3ur gay
3ur gay
9I apologize, I wouldn't have made fun of your autism if I had known you actually had it
9"Man, you're one tiny elephant"
OP can you ignore the shitposters, this has gone out of handstop trying to ruin our fun
Okay so the other plot advancement was just a dream...How about we check the local imageboards to see if there are any plot advancements/quests there?
2The anthropomorphized Hitlers are ushered into a black limo by their disgruntled handlers because they are late for a taping session of their hit daytime cable children's TV program, Aryanimals.
2Regular Hitler enters the room. Kim Jong Un is also there; they're both drunk and in their boxers
2Laugh and leave this gay thread
2ELEPHANT HITLER AND ANY FORM OF HITLER IS RETCONNED OUT OF THIS ADVENTURE FOREVERNO TAKEBACKS
2Greg finds footprints in the peanut butter
2Stalin Ostrich joins the group
2Bonnie proceeds to kill more spiders
2cutscene to lizards lunchroom
7ur gay
2Elephant dies, lizard moves on to fight the dust bunnies.
7"regular hitler's dead, bro"
mfw we can't even have a decent ad/v/enture thread anymore due to shitposting/v/ is slowly getting worse, I'm afraid he won't make it
7ur gay
35ALSOIGNORE ANY HITLER POSTS FROM NOW ON
3Elephant Hitler comes back with a new weapon
3Lizard does a university shoot out.3
3Bonnie looks down to finally notice blood flowing from an open wound
1ur gay
3Use your lizard jew magicks to shapeshift into hitler
1/v/ is okay, it was all a dream from the peanut allergies.3Old /v/ punches Dio in the face for being a derailing faggot
2Oops didn't mean to double reply
Autist tries to ruin everyones funClaims buttmadPeople bring him backSame butthurt autist keeps getting upset aboutComes back with a holier-than-thou attitude as if he's taking the righteous ground, claiming autism/shitposting because the thread's not going exactly the way he wants itButthurt ensuesur gay
9And so Bonnie continues the holy crusade
5not possible faggot, japanese vampire hitler is unretconable
6Only newfags say "old /v/v/v/v//g//e/Fukc you faggot
1Ostrich Stalin kills Bonnie with japanese vampire hitler, who is unretconnable.
1Bonnie makes it to the Capture Point
1MeanwhileSpider HQ
1Plan 9/11
7ur gaylol
1Bonnie is forced to duck due to suppressing fire
8
1Sigourney weaver is the queen spider from space. She has control of the world's cabinets. Reclaim the world's cabinets by killing her
7Why is ytour mimage not in 4k?We hear oin 4chan would reather you make quality posts.
5WHY IS EVERYTHING ON FIRE
5elephant Hussein makes his appearance.
5Bonnie falls into their trap and now has to fight Chaz Bono for fredom.
9Meanwhile, the spiders have set your base on fire."AHAHAHA! GET FUCKED, SMELLY DUMB LIZARD SCUM"
04
0Turns out the spiders set themselves on fire
0Quick! Call the lizard fire department!
0Good those lizard look like nizzards
0Call for an extinguishing airstrike
0JOKES ON YOU SPIDERS, BONNIE SET EVERYTHING ON FIRE ON YOUR BASE
9"Hello?"
6nigga get over here and do your shit
7for the record, im83then 4reveals himself, and now the thread is full of arguing.im sorry.
64
6"Hey is your fridge running?"
6"Oh hey, is that you Rick?
62222
6THIS IS GRAFFITI RADIO
6wut?annon, whut are you doing?
9Putting out the fire...
4all lizards die of lizardcancer. end of adventure.
8Hoping author-kun will listen to my humble suggestion.You?
4The fire has evolved Jamal in a tiny dragon
4meanwhileBonnie is capturing the point
4THIS IS OUR CHANCE TO BUILD A NEW BASE
6I AM A MELTING POT OF FRIENDSHIP
4meanwhileBonnie is removing dust from the sign
4The lizards get thier shit together. They eat superman pills and gain the power of super strength.
1not much,shit woulda been weird if you gt it though.
6Now we see Bonnie, the hunter, trying to capture the point in its natural habitat using a masterful trap
14
What flavor is Greg Soda?
1contact your friend the snake and ask if he wants to help guard your base from spiders
1the point gives Bonnie the finger
1Jamal fells for the trap.
1Bonnie successfully captures the point with his trap.
1the point was a decoy!
8"Nigga you high or something, shieeeet"
1IS THAT A HOT DOGGIEjamal triggers the trap
8DUDE WEED LMAO
8A spider falls in Bonnie's trapa female one
8STAND ON THE POINT AND CAPTURE THE CUPBOARD ALREADY
8Lizards die. now.
85
89
8Bonnie got high from his bush. The bush is made out of weed sticked together by dap.
8jamal and dio are blazin it @ breakroom in Lizard Base
8fuck trapsuse bear hands
8lizard ends up somehow spinning on the blades of that fan from earlier. He is indeed high as shit and it scares him.
9
5ur gay
5Meanwhilethe spider boss
52
5The lizards get so high they got into a coma
5What about lizard 9/11?
5Greg wonders why Jojo's room smells weird
6"Alright, genetic engineering here we come"
3Suddenly a lizard plane crashed into the building, exploding in a huge fireball
3research on being less disgusting
3i hope ur dog dies
32
3he engineers the perfect spider eltite soldier
3Spiders remote detonates PointBonnie takes fatal damage
3the spider boss crosses Jesus with a spider with a centipede to create Black CentiJesus
3They create a hybrid of Kanye West and Sonic the hedgehog
3Genetically engineer spiders with endoskeletons
9"Maybe we could try wearing funny little hats""Or hang air fresheners around our necks""Or take a bath""Nah that's stupid"
31
3Have you considered shaving all that nasty scary hair?
3suddenlycapture point alarm rings
3Meanwhile, plane gets completed.
32
3They found the cure for cancer but instead use it to turn other people to spiders. So they won't feel outc3ast.
3Bonnie succesfully captures PointPoint is taken to the base for interrogations
7"Hey guys""AH SHIT WHAT THE FUCK""oops, forgot my skin mask"
27
2A weapon to surpass Lizardgear
2Spiders fucked up with genetics somehowsomething even more fucked up happens
22
2One-up spiders and research exoskelloteens
21
2The lizards decided to invade spiders bad only to trap themselves on that green genetic goop. They though it was a tank filled with mountian dew. The spiders don't take notice since they are arguing with the skin mask spider. What does Greg do?
8"ALOHA SNACKBARRR"
6spiders panicPRAISE DIO
6CELEBRATE
6A SECOND LIZARD PLANE CRASHES INTO THE OTHER BUILDING
6WATCH OUT FOR THE SECOND PLANE BITCHES
6Kamikaze Lizard survives the crashcommits sudoku
6The attack kills every spider in the building except for one: the queen
8"PRAISE DIO"
4The point has now officially been taken
4TUNE HOLY DIVER AT MAX VOLUME AND WATCH AS THE BUILDING FALL
49PRAISE DIO!
46
9
4TAKE OVER THE CUPBOARD BY HAVING BONNIE CAPTURE THE POINT
4Now to deal with skeletons...
4did we win?
4Greg hears a bang and investigates
4everything going succesfully when Lizard-Dio is not calling the shots and is being unaware of the current situtation
9Indeed, as the attack may have killed the normal spiders, it did nothing but burned away the fleshy disguises of the cyber spiders
8I can almost hear the Terminator themeBOSS LEVELBOSS LEVEL
8CRUSAAAAAADE
8EMERGENCY MEETING
8DU DU DUN DU DUNthe power of dio...
8cut to Bonnie
8THAT SPIDER IS HUGEWE WILL NEED TO BE HUGE TOOGROW TO GOANNA SIZE
3"Your zeal will not save you now"
4BONNIENOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
4IF WE WERE HUGE THEN NOT EVEN HUGE CLAWS COULD STAB US
4RETCON MAN PLS DO SOMETHING
4RETREATRETREAT
4YOU FUCKING SPIDER SCUMWE'LL KILL YOU ALLRELEASE T-REX
4We must remember how John Conner kills robots
8"You will not survive. Destroy all lizard scum"The cyber spiders overwhelms the t-rex
7Maybe a future Lizard Dio sends a reprogrammed Cyber spider from the future to help us?
7HE'S NO REGULAR T-REXHE'S A MECHA T-REX
7Lizard Dio asks for a status report from Bonnie
7OH NODO THE NERDS FROM R&D HAVE SOMETHING FOR US?
7Become the T-Rex
7"pfffft, like Dio could do anything on his own.""hah! true"
1Unless we have our own mecha lizard something we're fuckedand I don't you assholes have a better idea
51
1A TREASONAbandon the group and seek answer to spider threat in hermitry.
1WHAT ARE YOU FUCKS DOINGWE'RE GETTING WRECKED WHILE YOU GUYS ARE GETTING HIGHGET SUPER FUCKING ANGRY, DIO
1Dramatic scene of the lizards being exiled from the cupboard
14
What are your feelings in regards to the future of Japanese gaming?
BROTHER
7Is that liu kang?
There is no future
3yes
3as of latelmao
7Japanese gaming threadposts kayona KimKIMobviously Korean Come on mang
A month ago, I would have told you it was an all-Nintendo future.Now? I'm not even sure about that.
3cool, hope it flops
7I hope you like classic gaming, OP.
Serious question: Would any one here still stick with gaming if Japan abandoned ship entirely? I'm not sure I'd want to support an industry that's nothing but gritty brown shooters and western role playing games.
6There will still be indies. Games like OlliOlli are a better gameplay experience than any generic AAA crap ever made. As long as games like that are still being made, there's still games worth playing.
there is no future
going straight to hellall of it. I don't want to live on this planet anymore.
Just as long as you don't care about Nintendo, Sega, Konami, Capcom, Hudson, Taito, or Square/Enix, Japan is doing just fine.
At least we have Splatoon. Right?
3I was about to say something about how Japan's shifting towards mobile. Then again, they've been dominating the handheld market, so it shouldn't be surprising that they'd go there next.It seems the biggest issue here is that they went rather niche in the 7th gen, as opposed to a higher-caliber output of quirky-but-less-so games that characterized earlier generations. This may be caused by external factors, however; the Xbox was started to target Sony in particular, and the Japanese games industry in general, and it sadly may have found some success.6There are a few western games I'd stick with, but AAA's would be fucked even beyond their current state. Indie market would also suffer, but at least there's the occasional Grimrock.
9mfw I have no idea what Hudson or Taito have been doingAs for Capcom, it's amazing how aimless the company feels now; that I can barely characterize them, of all companies, now is terrifying.
Japanese gaming died because the masses in the west reject Japanese themes and sensibilities and gravitate more towards a big budget Hollywood popcorn flick flair. And Japanese gamers haven't had time for console gaming in a decade. Partly because of the 'always traveling' excuse. But also because they just plain never warmed to 3D polygonal games the same way the west did.
5Hudson is dead and it's IP got bought up by Konami who is now also dead, and Taito is part of Square/Enix and releases mobile games based on it's classic games. Mostly Space Invaders.
7What are your feelings in regards to the future of Japanese gaming?no future outside of phones and Nintendo, maybe some PC releases but that may dry up as well.0underrated post
8I have no particular attachment to Hudson and mostly thought of them as "those Turbografix guys," but still, end of an era.Konami's probably fucked if Japan doesn't legalize gambling.
It's not that Kim looks like a boy. It's that Robin Shou looks like a girl.
I'm enjoying Japanese PC games.They're finally up to 1280x720 these days.
3We both know it'll explode in sales. There's literally no way it can't, it has something like 11 years of hype behind it, and unlike Duke Nukem Forever, it didn't get passed over to a different company 6 times.
1I know, it's great isn't it?
3Konami's probably fucked if Japan doesn't legalize gambling.Pachinko is a workaround and can exist even with gambling being illegal.
7YOUR BROTHER'S SOUL IS MINE
3They'll take a dent since they're putting money toward it but they won't be fucked
9lewd
9straight shitGross
2
I want more waifu shit for consoles like persona 3, and to a lesser extent 4, but with options for more difficulty
Liu Kang lookalike or no Liu Kang lookalike, Kim is still a cutie.
I am hopeful. If let to their own devices, the western side of things would most colossally spazz the industry up, as they've been trying to do for the last decade. Those money-grubbing faggots. Save for Polan und Krautland to an extent. I hope to see a greater influx of Slav vidya too. Russia, Polan, don't matter.
7Just admit you want to fuck the chosen one
It's gonna die because every developer is going to go mobile and I'll be sitting here laughing and playing actually good video games and not jap shit.0What other games besides the Witcher come from Poland? And the Witcher devs have already sold out and become another money grubbing AAA company so yeah.
7the future is dead
7I like her too. Judging from her video she seems like a nice girl. She didn't need to be so embarrassed about becoming a camwhore for some extra cash. It's not like she even ever did anything too wild.
7They still beat everywhere else in output of good games, but I'm afraid that mobile is ruining everything.
9she seems like a nice girlShe really does. It's a shame because everyone just thinks of her as a piece of meat because of all the photos we have of her naked body. But she seems pretty chill.
9Fuck off.1That's kinda what happens when you camwhore, I guess.
I'm fine whether it goes full on mobile or if they stick to consoles. I work in a curry house in Shizuoka around the clock and haven't been able to play video games on consoles anyways, only been playing Clash of Clans lately so more mobile games could be good for me
, 
, 
Are there really people who pick healing classes just to get off on being the party's bitch? Or is it just a meme?
6You're on /v/, take a guess.
I play a healer so I can watch as people around me beg me for healing while I watch them slowly die a painful death!
who /erp/ here?
needing healing
2You..... i like you.
I just hit 50 on ffxiv as a WHM, I'm afraid of screwing up.
I play support because i'm too afraid to be held directly responsible for anything that happens in a party
3I want her to sit on my face after a morning jog
6I originally picked them because I like helping people more than hurting others in multiplayer games. Being the party's/tank's bitch is just a bonus
That shit starts somewhere. There probably are some, but a lot is memery.
Bunch of faggots holding onto worn out memes is what it is. that or they're so pathetic that they meme'd so hard it became a reality for them.it's about as funny as a modern seasonal ecchi slice of life anime
weeaboos deserve to be burnt on a stake
6I get very flustered when people bully me
8Don't Regen a tank before he pullsIf you're finding his health isn't going down particularly fast, swap to Cleric Stance and blast shit with HolyThanks to the AoE Stun a Regen will tide him overCongrats you're better than 99% of DF healers.
I do it to feel important and loved.
6Holy heals? I had no clue. I'm also too afraid to dps because I might run out of mana
healers are just sluts that want to be fucked in the butt.
7No it doesn't. At least not until HW. And once you get better gear you won't have to worry that much about your MP problems unless you're going into a very long fight. Throwing an Aero 2, Aero, and some Stone 2 actions is pretty easy if everything is going smoothly and isn't that hard on your MP.
I pick healer so I can rip bongs and literally jerk off.The best part about being a healer is that if you get a really good party, youre not even needed.I just sit back and let everyone else do the work, because I cant be assed to DPS
8You say that like it's a bad thing.
6It's just fun to be that last line between success and failure.
0Thank you for the tips friend
6Not really. It's more of a "If you want a job done, you gotta do it yourself." kind of thing. More, if I want to progress through the game's content, EVERYONE wants a healer at one point or another. My most profitable accounts have always been healer characters. But playing as a healer SSSSSSUCCCKKKKS.
Me and my friends usually pick roles before we start playing games.one time I was a healer, my maverick friend a tanks, my calculative perceptive friend a control dps and my mellow kind friend a dps support.Then I was a tank, my mellow kind friend was healer, the maverick brash friend a dps and my perceptive friend a controlling support dps.We even had an interesting stint with all of us as tanks. didn't even need heals, we just threw aggro around.
6It's a meme. I have never heard of this phenomenon, ever in my 15 years of playing games.
I like to do everything, but I usually find a certain satisfaction in healing.Mostly because if I dick-flex hard enough I can keep people alive through stupid, stupid shit.
I don't like healing roles but I use them when I'm stuck on a team that can't stop getting it's shit pushed in. Once in a blue moon, it turns things around.
8This is untrue.
you'll never heal your party to your best ability and pull off an epic raid only to be raped and abused by your party afterwards
4You must not play very many games.
3Yet you will never ever get credit.When tanks carry the group, people applaud their efforts, when a dps outperforms and gets the last shot in people cheers at them.But when healer busts his ass trying to keep a party alive trough some shitstorm, it's always group effort...
6This board had more sissy weaboos than /a/
I just do it because i'm lazy as fuck and want to do as little work as possible.
6Be healer to play god. Tanking or healing is way more stimulating than being a petty DPS peasant.
4It's fine. If they start getting uppity I just tone back the healing and play something on my PS3/3DS.
Healers can eat shit, most of you make the most ratchet looking bitches anyways, being hit in the face with a hot shovel would be a improvement to your characters face then what I've seen.Just throw something on me and shut the fuck up and we'll be just fine.
I just love being a big bully to healers since I'm a tank. Sucks theres Noone to bully though.
8Hi alise
Sissy faggots need to leave /v/
4Starting with you?
0Tanks, healers, dpses all easy, but nowdays, in this simplified shit season of mmos, there are less roles than there used to be.If you wanted to be a god, you wanted to play a controller, tanks keep stuff that needs to die occupied, healers keep tanks alive, dpses kill the things.But a controller controls the battlefield, stacks odds and back in the day, used to have the tap from which healers drew their heals.Hell, even damage was more than one fucking role, but nope, gotta top them dps chartz.
6a class even more useless than healer if your friends are retardedyeah I sure do miss playing that
I hope not.Real men play combat medic.
6Boy anon, have I got the game for you!
2...What is it?
5see5
play healereverybody runs off before I can buff themthey all run into every hazard there is and aggro everything in sight
no idea if it's real or not, all I know is the idea turns me on like crazy and I would love to be a party bitch, healer class or not~
5Excuse me sir, but my healers dress in a manner that reflects their refined and sophisticated characters.
7Does the thought of the tank bullying you for heals turn you on? Mocking at your feeble attemps to keep his girthly healthbar suitably ...full and vigorous.
I just like to help people be better than I could be.The fact that I like being a bitch has nothing to do with it at all. That's between me and my SO.
8Yea, you keep telling yourself that sweetheart. I'm sure you and the 1st Legion of Traps are very "refined" very well.
Blood for the blood god.
4yes. that is just absurdly hot to me. nnng...
You will never have a party member that compliments you while you nervously stammer out a thanks.
7Really? As a tank I thank my healers all the time if they do exceptionally well, making me feel really comfortable with my job.
I have spent a lot of time shaping my body into that of a super smooth and feminine healslut, but I do not heal.I tank. I still have the strong urge to be a healslut because it is in my nature to service cocks. Tanking is too fun though. I like getting smacked around.
7Do I have to smack you around for a source for that, you needy slut you.
9But anon the mods might be watching and I don't wanna get banned againIf you search for crossdressing and blushing or something like that on gelbooru you'll probably be able to find it pretty easily.
5I'll think of you, when I stroke my dick tonight, my source slut.
7You disgust me.Nothing more shameful than a person who doesn't even pass for a trap.
2that is so f*cking epic dude
2Using lower level heals on tank, saying he's undergeared, while healing full on everyone else.Tanks getting replaced and the guild drama intensifies.
5Bend over and youll find out
2nobody gives a shit you obnoxious attention whoring faggot
6i play healer because i like playing support roles in MMO's but since no MMO's have had Support classes recently i just default to healing.i also make the GM kick people who act like heal sluts and he does since they are fucking annoying /vg/ shitposters
6I've got a friend who hates playing medic just because she dislikes the stigma that "all girls play medic". She gets pissed off when everyone is complaining to her for heals, it's kinda the opposite. She probably gets off on making me her meatshield bitch.and i get off on that.
8implying healsluts exist
I do in every MMO.I don't have the patience to level up very much though so I just quit before I even get to be in any party. I also think they're generally all garbage games so I always just try the free trials and don't get to join guilds etc
6I like being the healer. You're like the most important part of the team and its fun seeing the other players struggle to protect you.
2oh they do and they are all from /vg/
1You're like the most important part of the teamthis is what healers actually believeFor fucks sake, you're all dead without a tank, you're all dead without DPS.You're not more or less important than any other role.
4You're outnumbered here, so it'd more likely end up you who get's dragged to the town square and strung up. Suggest you think a bit about natural law.
I normally end up healing because no one else wants to, meaning I can get into dungeons/raids without much of a wait. Alternatively in games like Killing Floor I heal so retards don't die and cause us to get overwhelmed
6guild not looking at logs
1This implies that weeaboos have the strength to drag anything other than their waifu pillows.
2They do, sissyposting in general is beyond cancerous. I sometimes think I should just sign up to become a janitor so could be the for free batman and ban every fucking faggot that shitposts here with their submissive crap
04Nah. They're just pretending to be faggots. No one really gets off of being bullied. It's all just a meme.
4It's really beyond annoying.Must be leftover faggots from all the trap shitposting that's been plaguing this board for the past 6 years.
6I usually pick healer because I don't trust anyone else to keep me alive
I like playing healer because of all the drama that ensues with itI just heal the worst player in the team, always, and other people will get mad when I ignore them and refuse to heal themIt's fun and giggles until they start a votekick though.
0You severely underestimate how pathetic a person can become when he's devoid of social interaction let alone any kind of sexual attention
9I covered my tracks well, and the guy who parsed everything was in on it.The guild got lit up on flames, and the impotent rage was glorious.
4Well thank god you aren't a janitor, because you sound like a SJW that would go mad with power.
0No one really gets off of being bulliedAre you shitting memasochists don't exist because I say soAre you being serious right now
1I'm devoid of both and have yet to become pitiable. Their issues lie elsewhere.
1This.1Weebs much like old people and the North American red fox can exhibit temporary fits of strength when threatened or cornered.
62things that never happened
2Guild Drama never happens.Fuck off, You probably never even played mmos.
7True however it's still possible to win fights without a tank and DPS. It just take strategy and Patrice's respectively. As opposed to not having a healer where you're pretty much screwed once your tank's HP drops too low.
2I'm with you, these faggots need to learn some respect for the one dude that prevents their asses from becoming burnt toast. Fuck that erp noise
4You sound like the cause of many guild dramas.
I used to be a healer I am a complete sadist I would let people die and blame it on them being shit Everyone believed me I then befriended them by taking their side after everyone treated them like shit I caused entire guilds to disband from this drama
7do you even know what an sjw is? Do you just blindly parrot everything you read here without any kind of thought put into it?
6Things that didn't happen
this going to turn into an erp thread isn't it? Please email me at tomoe@gmx.com if you'd like to erp
guys there's a bat outside my windowhelp
not being manly as fuck combat medic, carrying everyone's asses kicking and screaming while you kill the most enemies and do the most objectives in-between getting them up every time they fallYou are all gay
3I am.
1Aww bats are cuteWhy not pet it?
56
what's a good gaymedon't say final fantasy xiv because i just quit that1you're a big guy
2wanting rabies
My roommate plays WoW and is always telling me about the drama in his guild like its real life. He recently switched guilds after being wooed by some guild called Ruination, it completely destroyed his old guild since he founded it. The best part is he can't talk to his raid people thru vent because he is actually 'that guy' that has nothing but female characters and acts like a girl online. I brought it up to them and he was dead set on them never finding out makes me wonder what he's done as a female online....He had a chance to start over with this new guild but chose to continue the lie. I think he likes the attention. I've also thought about finding a way for the people hes conned that he's been lying to them for years.
6After spending some time in /terag/ I came to the conclusion that this is true
Waaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!!!!!!!! Everyone isn't how I want them to be!!!!!!!!!!!!1111
4That's not at all what I implied faggot, your story was complete bullshit and everyone here knows it
I play healer because I if i don't my team loses because we have a bad healer/no healer.
4Amen
mfw when being an actual girl in real like and the healer bitch in mmosgets me off every time
love supportnever get to play italways have to carry as a power classWHY IS EVERYONE SO FUCKING BAD AT VIDEOGAMES JESUS CHRIST
1I have both of those things and I get off on people treating me like dirt.
6I play healer for random queues because you can cover shitty players better and waste less time wiping.
2What do you do
3Holy fucking source
3not 2 shabby
3Popular healer on my serverWas a popular pug raid leaderHad a heavy latina accent started talking with some dwarf rogue from a diffrent guild that she pugs withThey got married and still play WoW together.
6I really do.. I love it...6Me
6Make Hawke a full white mage healer in DA2He's also the most murderous cunt of the lot
0Suck my cock.
5As you wish my master
6Try to sound less this fucking guy.
1You ruined it now.
1like*
0implying someone built like that jogs anywhere
1I don't watch shit movies and shit series, sorry
2
tfw no experience erping
7kati3kat on chaturbate
8Slut
6I pick healer because I want to be a god in pvp.UnkillableUnfuckable
I like keeping people alive I guess.
tfw new boyfriendtfw at that stage where you can't do lewd stuff all the time with him yet but you still can't be lewd with random strangers on the internet Being not a total slut sucks. I should just be an unfaithful whore.
This thread.Is absolute.Garbage. Worthless. Pathetic.
The only MMO I played in recent times was TERA and personally, Tank  Healer  DPS I like actually directing the flow of the battle and making sure it succeeds. DPS is a bit of a snoozefest.
i need sissy boys to leave
1You are directly responsible for their lives as healer. Healing is the most stressful job for me. Tanking and dps is ease-cruise-control.
9I'm not a slut... I'm a good girl that enjoy dicks
Play roguenever need healsMy guild loves me for it because all of our dps is ass and they can depend on me to pick up slack
2You are if you're maidanon.
2show b hole
2I'm devoid of both and have yet to become pitiablelol
6Be mePlay PWI because poor fagBe only healer in high lvl raidAbout to beat boss just a few 1000 hp leftGet idea, leave party, party dies, raid failedmfw got paid to heal up frontmfw get message demanding a refund
2Admit it. You love that kind of attention you slut.
94Uh.... this is awkward...I don't want dicks right now, sorry
get new jobtitle is literally "Support"have hot girls and guys telling me what to do all dayend of shift'thanks for the help, anon''you really saved us, anon'mfwturned down promotions because I love being the bitch
8Ill give you experience
0Noo, I don't like it!
6Why?
I hate these gay ass threadsThey always remind me of how much of a degenerate I am.
These posts.
Fucking faggots, you guys are trying too hard.
2Pretend all you want. We both know when you get in the mood you don't care what you're called.
5Don't cry, anon. Even degenerates can find love eventually.And the sex is incredible.
9Because I don't feel horny right now or the urge to suck dicks
1Gtfo if you don't like it
4being a slut with others
Nope. I pick healing classes and be the party face.fuckloads of charismapretty wise tooalso pretty great with a mace and can usually take a beatingcan use a fuckload of spells without studying them, as long as you pray to your god and prepare them every morningmaking sure the weaker ones in the party stay alive and healthyClerics are badasses, man. Being the healer doesn't always mean being the bitch.
2Tasty.
5HellMOOI guess it's time.
9Okay.... when i get on the mood I don't care how I'm being called or how hard they force me to suck dicks but right now I don't feel horny
6I like being a healer. It's pretty satisfying to take somebody from near death to being a pain in enemy's asses.It's like being a Necromancer with real players.
4Someone give me the TL;DR.
8healing in ff14Fucking tanks are so retarded.Switched to drg Never going back to healing
3Cayden CailienBest god, and best taste in class.
0Nah I'm unlovable.I'm not really ugly or anything, I'm just awful at expressing emotion like some sort of autistic child.All I do is disappoint people so using their time is just rude
4You're a faggotThere you go
0Suck my dick.
7So good I spelled his last name wrong.
8
8Present it
6Healers are too afraid to play damage classes sub-optimally and too pussy to take leadership with a tanking class.The worst kind of person.
 I just like to help 
0You know you want to
1you seem like an alright guy anon
47He's definitely my favorite of the Pathfinder pantheon. Just a funloving guy who became a god because of a drunken dare, and who's tenets are basically just "take it easy, have a drink, and love life".
1
6Some people like, you know... Winning and shit
8rip
1ill love you
6Maybe I do... but you don't know it though I love dicks to death... 
1You wouldn't if you knew me.
4Why is that?
4Way to pose as me loser, that's probably what I would have said anyways though
So many attention craving whores.I secretly crave attention as well, but you guys would only give it to me if I were a cute anime girl.
8Well thanks anon, I had a shitty day so hopefully tomorrow will go better so I won't treat /v/ like a blog.1You don't want to love me, but I appreciate the gesture.
2Hating gays2015Kek
8I'll give you attention, lots and lots of attention
I play primarily support in Dota2/LoL/HoN because no other cunt wants to do that job and because I always play on hard mode.
being straightsometimes I like to erp as slutty anime girlI even masturbate to thisAm I a fag?
3That's what I am and look at me, I love cocks when I'm horny, I love ERP and make other anons cum in my nameAm I a fag?
9seriously, if you want to talk or play games post your steam id, im always glad to make new friends
3That kinda depends, anon. Are you jerking off to the thought of the anime girl doing lewd things or are you perhaps self-inserting as the anime girl and imagining yourself doing all sorts of depraved, slutty things to other men?
2Mainly I'm self-inserting. Sometimes I'm even afraid to post some things, because of how lewd I am. Is there on steam some erp group or something? Lately I'm in mood to erp, but I can't find people.
I do it because I love to service big, strong anons in any way possible
3Mainly I'm self-insertingCongratulations, you're a closeted trans girl.
6I just like to play support. Any support.While this is my fetish Ive never encountered it. Probably because I'm actually a good player.
3Honestly, I'm no ERP-er, but I wouldn't necessarily call someone a fag for fapping to what is essentially a collaborative short story. It's all just text on a screen. Just like it doesn't make you gay for fapping to some guy's painting you commissioned.It's definitely treading the fucking line though, and can definitely take you down a dark path. I've only known around one or two people that I've known to ERP and not been total faggots.
3You are 100% gay and get off to sexually servicing other men while being feminine. My suggestion to you would be to start dieting and exercising so that you can be just as cute as an anime girl and service other men in real life.
I always assume every healer/support is a cute fuccboi and try to give them the attention they secretly want and deserve.being a top and seeing so many fuccbois pass by is the worst hell
9Just post your details whore.
6just to get off on being the party's bitch?roll a healer during WoW's heydayhave groups and tanks especially praising me non-stoparrogant and shitty tanks I get to fuck over and since I played with friends we would get someone to put on offspec gear and finish the rest of the run with less troublehad more fun as a healer than I did as a tank, although it was close second.
6I also meet some nice people, mainly of F-list but still.9Actually I was thinking about this. I'm probably bi, but I only like boys who are into crossdressing. I'm also /fit/ so it's not a problem.I should go, thanks for responses anons.
2Yeah, and then you realise that all of these people are either ugly IRL or that you'd have to stoop to imaginary, online sex to get with them.Just do what any 'normal' person does and hit up craigslist or go to a bar to pick up bumboys
5Keep calling me like that  please I need it, I feel like is melting my brain 
7this is kind of cringeplease either post your steam details now or stop________________________________________whore___________________________________
7Still not seeing any details degenerate.
see this threadwant to renew ffxiv subscription so i can go on my cute lalafell white mageonly $30 left on steam, sale soonactual cash is going towards a whole bunch of other shitOh hey, actually gonna get a shitton of money for watching my neighbor's house for a week, and bringing over my friend's dogs to watch them while his family goes on vacation.Should I spend my cash on FFXIV, or use my steam money?
2finding femboys in NZHonestly there is no one cute in New Zealand.I've only ever found one cute guy and that was last year.
0BahahaI'm Australian and I don't have that problem. Did you get his number at least?
7 Thank you 0Okay, I will stop now anons, enjoy yourselves...
6i always pick healer because i like being a strategist and a lewd helper
1He moved back to America.We fucked twice though so it's fine.
tfw no healslut to pocket medic me
0
6Description virgin top boy, 18, love trapsdoesnt sound like a bottomboi to me
3tfw want to practice medicno one to pocket
All faggots need to be shot.
7Post your steam.
7not pocketing everyone and feeling out who appreciates your pocketing the most
6
3no anime girl avatar
7Good
7I used to have one
Tree of Savior is introducing a class called Army ChaplainHoly shit, a support class that actually sounds badass.
4why don't you bully me more on IRC and mumble, anon?
Why is this thread allowed to be up this long? For fucks sake mods.
4They are fapping
6I pick healing class because I have a problem with tunnel vision. Although I also play tank. In either case I have way better situational awareness than I do as DPS where I pretty much tunnel vision and play like shit.
1just because you can't express yourself doesn't mean you can't be loveddifferent things.
tfw want to talk to lewd anons but then I feel bad afterwards, remove and block them and hide.but then I start being lewd again but can't talk them to anymore because I don't want to come off as someone who just uses people for that sort of thing because they are usually nice and deserve better than to have talked to someone like me
7Do you need a hug?
7tfw it's lewd as fuck but honestly i'd be better off with some kind of sugar daddy who is completely separated from the rest of my life
played a Paladin in Vanilla wanted to be Uther smashing people with my hammerhad to be a healbot in raids play HoTS get to play as Utherhe's a support healer I CANT FUCKING WIN
7Id love to add you and be friends.Lewd is a secondary part of it.
9That plus Squire. Squire sounds like it's gonna be fucking awesome.
6tfw no one bully's you;_;
tfw no cute friends to play rust withtfw we will never build a cute little house and gather wood and snuggle by the light of a furnaceWe will never then use the hardened steel forged in our furnace to craft military grade armamentsthen utilizing these arms to raid and pillage the country side, taking all the spoils for ourselves
Wasn't in an MMO, but I always played medic in Battlefield 2. Nothing like dealing out death and salvation in equal portions.Bonus: Defibrillator kills like mighty bolt of Zeus
3I just want some nice new friends who I can maybe be lewd with sometimes when the feeling arises and not be scared of facing or upsetting that person afterwards
playing a healergroup is well geared and coordinateddo nothing the whole timeplaying a healergroup is wearing rags and doesn't know how to count past 4so incompetent i literally can't keep them up without letting another one run off and kill themselvesHealing is a such a polarized experience. There's never a group where I just heal constantly, but not overwhelmingly.
33
healer threadeveryone is a sluteverytim
tfw no qt internet bf who pretends to be a girl 24/7 and teases/flirts with people constantly because it makes you jealous but is completely loyal to youwhy even live
6sounds stupid
Total sissy fagot in the headTo the point I cant be in control in a relationshipBeyond bear mode bodyLife sucks ;_;
RDM  WHM
6tfw you lifted for yearstfw you wish you could trade it all for a sissy boi body
6tfw having a friend that always plays girl characters and pretends to be a girlhe's actually a 6'5" bear of a man in real lifesuper effeminate and you can tell he hates that he can never be a girlI feel for him.
4Says the tripfag
6tfw no qt internet bfStopped reading right here.
5twink mode bodyjust want to be buff manly mangrass is greener perhaps?
6I love do that all day and afterwards he ''punish'' me....
Why aren't you a cute asian boy, /v/?
tfw just fapped
4fight the good fight brother.
9slut
Someone play tera with me and heal me!
6Healer carries the party. People with low self esteem tend to play dps classes.
5Tera sucks for healers
2Why
6I usually pick healer because no else does. It also somehow feels like there is less pressure compared to being the person responsible for doing damage.
6
i play a dps so i can have an important role in the party and also do some nice dpsi play sch and while i do enjoy dpsing when possible, i havent had a good co-healer in my group and i get a little annoyed during progression because the leader and other dps always come to me first when we arent hitting a dps check, when they arent even playing their classes well e.g. 350 blm dps with BiS
3you're the only one who can cure cancerno pressure brah
I never understood why people always gave me shit as a healer for doing my job until I played a different roleSuddenly I understood everything.
6Prunus Girl
4Who is he?
2Jinx from league of legendsSearch ''JINX Come On! Shoot Faster''
6I know where it's from.
2this is trueI don't mind healing on wow but being a clothie on tera sucks ass. They need a class that can heal that wears heavier armor.
2That's what I get for trying to help a fellow anon, why the fuck you ask, then?
6It's not a meme for me. I don't get off on being a bitch, but I like being useful and validated by other team members and the best way for somebody who isn't a good fighter is to be a buffer or healer. And I enjoy when they use me as a disposable walking medkit or a health potion.
, 
, 
I'm about to start playing Fallout 1 for the first time, any tips/mods I should look at?
2Fallout Fixt, I guess. It's what I got.I'm at Shores now.It's fun stuff.
Agility  everything. You should have 10.Although there were ways to permanently increase some of your stats, at least in the second game, and you can't go over 10, so you should've started with 9. Power armor also gives you one or two bonus points in Str.
9you can pay the brotherhood to install implants to increase all your special stats by 1
9not really tbh.the only essential stat is intelligence - if you have less than 4 you literally wont be able to talk to NPCs cause of how dumb you are.2The first 20 minutes of the game are the worst. Get through that and it will massively improve.
don't worry about the time limit they give you. it's only temporary.the only way you can run out of time is if you just stand still like a retard for months
How's this for a first character
1You're good
Don't make a jack-of-all-trades character. Specialize in a few skills that will carry you throughout the game. I'd recommend small guns and speech for a starter build.
1Fine. Keep in mind you wont be able to use larger weapons with that low Strength thiugh. Maybe take a few points off Agility and put em into Strength.
1skilled
1Charisma is utterly useless as you can have every companion in the game simultaneously with 1 CHA. I'd tag Speech instead of Science as that's the skill you would want to max out first so you can get all the quests.
1Take gifted, not skilled. Also, transition to energy weapons in the late game if you do what 5 says. Why do people feel the need to mod on a first playthrough? Feels weird to me, and I just played it for the first time a few weeks ago.
5Big guns are pretty underwhelming in Fallout 1 and 2.Except Bozar. But it's not in 1.
Post vidya musicPlease keep retarded shit like mario and sonic shit to a minimum please 
9WITNESS ME


9
9Why'd you post a pic of a chromer?
5I LIVE, I DIE, I LIVE AGAIN
7No particular reason, mainly because he looks smug I guess
9


0I said no retarded shit
95MEDIOCRE
9OH WHAT A DAY! WHAT A LOVELY DAY!
9Please keep some of the best music vidya has to offer to a minimumNahFuck yourself 
5YOU WILL RIDE ETERNAL. SHINY AND CHROME!
8Best musicThat awful manchild shitI hope you're baiting for your own sake
love this soundtrack.
5Mature games for mature gamers like myself
I was told that this was a old East Euro marriage song, if it is, weird that its used as battle music but still sounds great.
9
2Good meme but you are still a manchild
0:B

9if you want more eatern european stuff you can't go wrong with this 
everywhere
9
9

0Apply yourself.

1We can send reaction pics and insults back and forth for as long as you want but it doesn't change the fact that that kirby song is awful and you need to be a deluded manchild to enjoy it


8Your taste is just terrible

6You're the adult listening to and recommending music from a Kirby game that sounds like someone shoved an iPhone with that piano app on up their ass and shat it out
thread
1Cute
8Mature music for mature musicers like myselfAnd we're back to you having awful taste

8Well you can enjoy shit music all you want, just don't shit this thread up with your manchild shit, and now we're back to you having awful taste
Somewhat vidya related.



, 
There are rumours about how there'll be gameplay footage shown for this shit at E3. Considering how there has been nothing at all for the past whatever years, I'm cautiously optimistic, but, goddamn I'm worried it'll just be shit. I'm so starved for a futuristic arcade racer at this point that I'll take any crumbs I can get.Does anyone have any information at all?
9I just hope the gameplay is close to F-Zero GX.
Discuss
6explain
Post the rest of the pastebin.
The game described might be cool.Platinum's one of my favorite studios but I'd love to see them step outside their comfort zone and make something that isn't pure character action.
6Wii U exclusive
Except Lucas isn't being released on the 20th
6linking to plebbitfuck offit's gonna be MGR2 or W102
0IGN announced that extended gameplay footage of a new Platinum game was to be revealed on the date of Nintendo's E3 event. It was teased by the tweet as placing emphasis on the color red, which matches the description given of a game titled "Angel Blood" that has appeared in two separate alleged insider "leaks" that were made public days apart.Pastebin link here: 
4Star Fox U is entitled Star Fox Cross, and is headed to Wii U. Not much is divulged in the way of story, but the trailer features a short narrative at the beginning where Pepper delivers a speech to Fox + crew over montage of them preparing to take flight. Following the narrative, there is a quick sequence of them piloting their vehicles, with the title revealed in the end along with a release date of 2015. Game features customizable avatars that are used for a Splatoon-like main hub as well as local + co-op multiplayer.- Arumikan is the final name of Miyamoto's Project Giant Robot. Game still inherits the robot-building aspect, but is accompanied by a story, in which a boy named Oishi fights against an evil company looking to use robots to take over the world. Online multiplayer is supported as well.A very brief gameplay teaser for a Wii U Pokemon spinoff just codenamed "Pokemon". The trailer primarily consists of the trainer shot in several locations showcasing the game's environment. The character sends out a Bulbasaur and can be shown fighting a Caterpie in the middle of a town, and instead of a battle screen the game just fluidly engages battle with the enemy. Although the gameplay seems standard Pokemon fare the battle appeared fluid and dynamic, with all parties exhibiting dynamic movement. The game's camera angle and human design seem very typical of 2010's action games. The release date given was 2016.
0I wouldn't doubt that the Plebbit leaker threw in fake info, Pastebin leaker makes no mention of Lucas only Ryu and provided more information than just epic Nintendo text leak
Makes use of MGS StyleSounds like they took something from the now cancelled Rising 2 and put it in a new game.
4SONY- Ratchet and Clank movie trailer, loosely follows story arc of the 1st game despite using designs from the reboot- Dark Souls 3 gameplay trailer, pan montage of the various new areas over narrative provided by a new character who is fought at the end of the narrative surly, muscular man with head of a dog/basset hound, this is accompanied gameplay footage of MC fighting various enemies, graphics look on par with From's recent output- Uncharted 4 first full trailer: begins with a night terror drake has about being tortured by a gang of ghost pirates, provides a conversation narrative between drake and sam as expose on the events preceding their adventure, ends in drake waking up in forest from first teaser- "Tech demo" game compatible with Project Morpheus titled "Wander"; exploration/puzzle game where vision and peripheral awareness are critical to playing well. You play as an amorphous, white human-like character who must slowly collect uniquely-colored "visions" in order to solve various color-based puzzles. Atmosphere very similar to Silent Hill.- There exists trailer featuring various multi-plats coming to the PS4 and Vita, all of which have already been known in some form or another.- Trailer for new PS4 game "The Flash", which is based on the titular superhero. Unlike the "Arkham" series of DC games, the game is very vibrant and colorful with a sense of humor. Actual gameplay is shown, with a unique combat/movement system: players must quickly use the analog to place markers around the environment, which will make Flash dash quickly in the marker's direction. This is utilized outside of combat to solve puzzles, but seems to form the basis of the combat system.
1NINTENDO- Star Fox U is entitled Star Fox Cross, and is headed to Wii U. Not much is divulged in the way of story, but the trailer features a short narrative at the beginning where Pepper delivers a speech to Fox + crew over montage of them preparing to take flight. Following the narrative, there is a quick sequence of them piloting their vehicles, with the title revealed in the end along with a release date of 2015. Game features customizable avatars that are used for a Splatoon-like main hub as well as local + co-op multiplayer.- Arumikan is the final name of Miyamoto's Project Giant Robot. Game still inherits the robot-building aspect, but is accompanied by a story, in which a boy named Oishi fights against an evil company looking to use robots to take over the world. Online multiplayer is supported as well.- There is some chopped up footage of Hatsune Miku: Project Mirai DX but it doesn't have sound so I've no clue what information they're revealing regarding it- English Xenoblade X trailer identical to the Japanese one that just came out except dubbed in English-- Release date is September 5th- Chopped up, soundless footage of a new 3DS title called Wavemo which is meant to be the newest installment in the prefixmo series. You can select music files on your 3DS, which are turned into levels for a sidescrolling rhythm game in which Mallo moves autonomously. Player input is needed in order to guide him over obstacles. Release date 2015.- Trailer featuring some teens playing a Nintendo card game on a tabletop. One kid had a red Mario card and a pink Kirby card, while the other kid had a green Link card and a blue Megaman card. They came to life and fought each other in the style of one of the Smash Bros cinematics. They definitely have Smash Bros amiibo functionality as is shown in a seperate trailer.
Well it's a fun leak to read at least but I doubt any of it's real. I don't really trust leaks that don't fall out of NeoGAF's asshole though, those only seem to be the real ones. This one seems slightly more real because of two separate descriptions of identical directs in different writing styles but then again it could just be the same asshole doing it on purpose. I gotta admit though, I did get a lil half-chub from the Pokemon idea
6SudaPlatinumNo
Reddit  NeoGAFNeoFAGs is literally obsolete.
7- A very brief gameplay teaser for a Wii U Pokemon spinoff just codenamed "Pokemon". The trailer primarily consists of the trainer shot in several locations showcasing the game's environment. The character sends out a Bulbasaur and can be shown fighting a Caterpie in the middle of a town, and instead of a battle screen the game just fluidly engages battle with the enemy. Although the gameplay seems standard Pokemon fare the battle appeared fluid and dynamic, with all parties exhibiting dynamic movement. The game's camera angle and human design seem very typical of 2010's action games. The release date given was 2016.- A trailer exists for a new game for Wii U action game named "Angel Blood". The trailer begins with a fictional retelling and photo montage of the Japanese Yakuza gang members, until at some point in time they were granted supernatural powers through the science of an individual named Gestalt. Apparently expressing deep regret for his hand in the Yakuza's takeover of Asia, the late Gestalt asks for his son's hand in eliminating them. His son is revealed to be a lanky, blonde man with curly hair, dressed in all black attire, and is introduced sitting on his couch before looking back at the viewer. Gameplay is showcased, makes use of MGS-like stealth segments and the violent combat of No More Heroes and Madworld. The game seems to be a full Nintendo IP, and is given a release date of 2015.- There is a trailer for Ryu in Smash Bros, although the trailer is strictly gameplay and is not a cinematic. Mario and Link are fighting on the Wii U boxing arena stage, when a "hadoken" is fired off screen and into Mario. Camera pans to Ryu, who taunts and mutters something in Japanese. Title card is "Ryu approaches!". His design is standard Ryu fare. Gameplay footage follows. There is chopped up footage of him performing various of his famous moves.
1"The Flash"vibrant and colorful with a sense of humorplayers must quickly use the analog to place markers around the environment, which will make Flash dash quickly in the marker's directionDON'T FUCK WITH ME YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW HOW MUCH I WANT THIS
6Mad World 2
7That sounds decent, especially with project giant robot not being included in starfox
6Suda has attested to being great friends with Platinum and Kamiya on at least one occassion
Fuck why is there no Microshit leak
6Didnt like the last 4 e3s nintendo always reveal one game via IGN?I remember w101 and devils third
Where's Xbox?
That would be one short ass digital event... and they'd be skipping mario maker, and yoshi's wooly world. I don't think this is real at all.
4ThisWe might actually have a legitimate leak here
7MGR2Never going to happen. Ever.
1The FlashI WAN TO BEREEVE
2i feel like pastebin leaker just saw trailers, i'm sure the actual event will include more fluff and smaller announcements to extend the time
1The FlashMash X to Infinite Mass Punch
1Someone screencap thisalso where is the Microsoft conference? I reall y want a leak but I fear they locked it too tight
Pastebin leak in image form
7Microsoft conferenceGabe Newell walks onstage and announces Valve has ditched SteamOS and is partnering with Microsoft to make Windows 10 the definitive gaming platform. Also announced is Microsoft's plan to ditch the console gaming market because they've blown it 3 times in a row.
3DAMMIT MICROSOFT LET YOUR CONFERENCE LEAK
Angel Blood? More like Angel DudWhere is Wonderful 102?
6Why would he leak it over pastebin without publicizing it anyway?
3Perfect nothing for Sonyfags to get their dirty hands on
Our next game will have you seeing red, our next game will have you say oh my god. Wellllll then that would fit in with angel blood.
4It's with all the money W101 madenowhere
1Phantom Dust - it's still happening!, gameplayFable Legends + Fable Anniversary Xbone Bundle has in game currency voucherMicrosoft Sports Revival- Joe Montana 16 with NFL license and MLB GameBanjo-Threeie- AAA gameBattletoads - not Rare, but looks goodTrailer for Twisted Pixel Scifi gameIndie montageForza 6RotTRCobaltAlan Wake HDScaleboundHalo 5 campaign
5what is cobalt sir
5End with Gears of War Ultimate, beta sign ups start NOW
6Doesn't Goichi have confirmed ties to Platinum?
6That Mojang game that was revealed 4 years ago?
5If real, Xbone has the best lineupWhoa
If we're following the pattern set this generation, it's going to beOne new IP for Wii U W101One multiplat sequel-turned exclusive for Wii U Bayo 2One shovelware easy cash-in KorraOne new IP for Xbone ScaleboundOne multiplat sequel-turned exclusive for Xbone DMC5? MGR2? Vanquish 2?One shovelware easy cash-in [insert anime here]One new IP for the PS4 just kidding, never ever
971Please be real
1Sony confirmed for worst lineup
5Source or you're a dirty lying niggerAlso where's Crackdown
5DMC5 by PlatinumI would burn my daughter at the stake for this as long as there aren't any fucking QTEs.
79Sounds bland enough to be a real E3 conference. Props to whoever made it.
Every year somebody rumors a new game by Platinum, the fact that they do have a new game to announce doesn't mean anything.Also, "seeing red" is extremely vague. Raiden's eyes in Revengeance blink red, it could refer to another Bayonetta on Wii U and the resulting backlash, it could refer to a new DMC and Dante's coat and so on.
1 Ratchet and Clank movie trailer, loosely follows story arc of the 1st game despite using designs from the rebootThis triggers meRatchet and Clank never had a reboot. Not even this remake of the first game is a reboot, it's just a one off movie tie inwhy does nobody care about ratchet anymore
7Hory sheet. What was the third hint though? Something about tears?
5No CrackdownNo GOWNo GOW Remasteryou know its fake if they leave shit like this out
6Considering "blood", "god", and the color red are described as prominent themes of the game in question, I don't think it would be anything minor such as Raiden's eye glow especially since this announcement is likely tied with Nintendo
6Crackdown was only announced so early because of the ntkrnl leak. So much cloud stuff with it. And they want to show off stuff at Gamescom, so that's where Quantum Break will be. Halo Wars teaser there too Phil is announcing an RTS at the PC conference at E3
5infinite space?
4But where's your source?I'm mostly just interested in them reassuring everyone Phantom Dust is still being made with proof of gameplay
6I think this is pretty believable, unsure as fuck about pure text leaks though.
5with NFL licenseIs it possible for MS to get this? I thought EA had it locked down.
5Alan Wake HDSounds like such a waste of development time.
7see 9its late.... .- .-.. --- -.-. --- -- -... .- - . ...-- ..--- ----- .---- -....
7Quantum Break got moved to Gamescom and maybe they want Gears there as well to give Halo more attention. Crackdown maybe the same as Remedy, they just didn't get their gameplay presentation ready in time, but it will be ready soon for Gamescom.
8$400 million was for a bit more than them marketing surfaces64J wanted something harder to work on
9Considering "blood", "god", and the color red are described as prominent themes of the game in questionThey are described IN THE RUMOR.The only actual reference Platinum has made about the game is "seeing red", everything else is part of the alleged leak. What I'm saying is that the connection between "seeing red" and the description of the "leak" could perfectly well be coincidental, as many other Platinum games have to do with "seeing red".
6The thing is the last few years nintendo always revealed one game on IGN, mostly games meant for the atypical audience, e.g devils third, w101 and sonic. The other thing is its pretty late so its unlikely to be tied to one of the others who have a conference.The only other thing it could be is a funded game by for example activision.
0I'm not sure it's not letting me look at his replies.
8
2GodSeeing red"Angel's Blood"We have a winner
Just so everyone's clear, Kamiya's currently the director of scalebound, so it's much less likely he will helm whatever this is.
4Wonderfags are the worst.
53microsoft don't leakFUCK
7release date 20016and this is the thing that makes this sound iffy. intendo already said it will only showcase shit they release 2015.
1kekat least star fox cross sounds cool
5Fiscal year means they get the first 3 months of 2016.
5It's fake anon there is no racing game, when there will be one. F Zero or Diddy Kong Racing reporting in.
2dont be a little shit. give them a break. id be mad too if a hyped up exclusive game only sold like 20k copies worldwide
1What I'm saying is that this is like cold reading.A leak talks about a new Platinum games, it references the color red which is very prominent in every Platinum game and says it will be on Wii U like two of the most recent games by Platinum.It could be right, but it's extremely vague.2I already addressed "seeing red". "Oh my god" could be a connection just as much as it could be a coincidence, it's an extremely common exclamation, and again, many Platinum games deal with religion in some way DMC, Okami, Bayonetta.
2It's ok, quality of platinum games only goes down if it's a game of something already established Korra, MGR, Anarchy Reigns AND Kamiya isn't working on it. Original IPs are usually good
6Would the sequel be called replicant?
8Halo combat?4
6Except Ratchet did get rebooted. His personality did anyway, got him a new voice actor and made him less of an asshole.
5No they didnt. Learn some basic reading comprehension and listen better next time.They said focus on 2015 and early 2016, which applies to every e3.
5intendo already said it will only showcase shit they release 2015.
1The leak never mentions whether or not it's a Platinum game, in both iterations of the leak
5They said 2015 and early 2016 recently. You can bet they worded it that way to avoid showing the mess the new Zelda is atm.
5No they didnt. Learn some basic reading comprehension and listen better next time.They said focus on 2015 and early 2016, which applies to every e3 because the games that release before the next e3 are always highlighted
3That is the weakest possible definition of a reboot, and hardly even applicableEvery ratchet game up until this point has been a part of one ongoing continuity. This new PS4 game is a remake of the first, but without the intent for it to be a new starting point for future games it can't be considered a reboot
6The game's concept sounds cool as fuck, if it's real color me interested
2WTF? POWERPUFF GIRLS WERE RECAST? WHAT THE FUCK
1Also Suda 51.Grasshoper is part of Kadokawa and they are busy with that shitty PS4 game ?Why would Suda work with Platinum on Wii U when he didn't even made NMH 3?
15responding twice with the same shit4allright, thanks for clearing that up
1HOLY SHIT
3Didn't notice that. Doesn't this make the connection even vaguer though? I mean, as long as there was a one game in that leak or any leak with blood and religion welcome to Japan! one could say that it was talking about the new Platinum game.
7I highly doubt that the ability to transform between landmaster and arwing that they had at e3 would not make it into the final game, ESPECIALLY with a name like star fox cross.
1Tara strong's not too happy about it
6way too elaborate and psshh nothing personeli give you 3/10
6The ones who dont care about platinum games are the ones who didnt buy w101 and bayo 2 because of their allegiance to other console maker
2I mean, neither of the parties involved in leaking seemed to notice anything Platinum-related save for the gameplay, so I don't know what merit that holds. Both sources also advertised blood as a common theme, and it even appears in the name.I am "cautiously optimistic" at this point, you could say
6Nintendo ipdropped
6neither of the parties involved in leaking seemed to notice anything Platinum-related save for the gameplayCouldn't it be the same person leaking it in two different places? Or somebody leaked it in either place and someone else made another leak based on that. Both sources also advertised blood as a common theme, and it even appears in the name.Yes, but it's only in the leaks.Besides:this is happening. It will surprise you. Might even make you cry"Aside from the obvious reference to DMC, which I'm going to discard, I'd wager it's the return of a pre-existing IP rather than something brand new, and the leak doesn't reference crying anywhere in case it was a hint.It could also be nothing at all, after all:don't parse my tweets for hints. There aren't any. I don't hint. :p"
platinumlost interest right there, it'll be a qte filled mess that lasts 5 hours
6I SWEAR IF THEY DO PPG THE SAME AS THEY DID SCOOBY DOO8As she should. There has to be a reason for the recasting.
hashimoto bayo2 director retweeted the nintendo e3 digital event. it's happening niggas
1If this is it, SONY already lost.
3If they got access to NFL license then the xbox brand could survives on the US market for all eternity...
5I heard that the reason the show was cancelled in the first place was that the VAs were asking for too muchIf that's true, it's pretty obvious why they were all recast
6platinumYawnWake me when we've got news about a company that doesn't exclusively make meme games
1Nothing about Rime/Wild/Until Dawn/The Tomorrow Childrenfake
0Tara strong said it wasn't a financial decision but a creative decision.
534Samefags and shitposter pls go and stay go.
4meme gamesWhat does that even mean?gb2 /tv/ with your stupid meme lingo.
2Oh, well the anon I heard that from is probably wrong then.But it might actually be the same reason - Tara likely charges more than she did 10 years ago now, and if CN aren't giving this new show a big enough budget maybe they just didn't even consider being able to afford her today was the first she had heard of the reboot too
That Pokémon game on Wii UTfw it's all I've ever wanted, but we'll never ever get it
5Don't forget it opening up with BLACK OPS 3
1What does that even mean?"I don't like this game but can't think of a reason why I do, so I'll just call it a meme"
That pokemon Wii U game is too good to be true.
0You mean too shit, I can see the hordes of facebook fat dykes and plebs hoarding this.
ctrl + fmetroid0 results foundf...fake;_;
how do leaks usually go? like, if the first thing shown isn't the first thing on the leak list, it's bullshit that can be thrown out right? or have parts become true while others aren't?
Tactics ogre thread. Is it better than fft?
Story's a little better, gameplay is about the same.Play both, love both.
6love both, but i think TO : LUCT is the superior game for me.
Find it better than FFtactics, don't follow any guides if its your first playthrough.
Both are great. FFT has better atmosphere and music but I like the more units in TO. I love both but if I had to choose, probably FFT. Also time mage.
I liked FFT more, however this is obviously just my opinion.Play them both and then decide for yourself.
FFT and TO have become probably two of my favorite games of all time since I discovered them.Hard to say which is better. Both games have their flaws... one day we'll get a TRPG with the good mechanics from both games and it'll be perfect.
FFT's class system is much better, but TO has diverging routes in the story and larger battlesThe stories are really similar, I'd have to replay them both back to back to compare them. All I can say is that Delita is a better character than any in TO
6Personally prefer FFT but they're both really good.
1and musicDo you really think this anon? I downloaded the TO sound track and... it just feels so much better than FFTs music same guy did both, but stillTO has more tracks, is better quality in the remake, there's more variation, the songs are longer, etc.To each their own but TOs sound track is probably my favorite game OST of all time so I have to be weird about it.
6I liked both, though story is better than FFT IMO, still FFT has some pretty fun stuff, like Calculators/Arithmetician
0FFT's soundtrack is more catchy, the melodies are more prominent. Whether that's better or worse is up to the individual
2ants
6LUCT is the ultimate game.It also has so much content it's impossible to 100%
2Canopus is such a bro and yeah OP as fuckAnyone get the LUCT artbook? it's amazing
I Think FF Tactics A2 is better than both of them.
2Two songs from FFT and TO really 'stuck' with me:The boss battle song from FFT plays when you fight the lucavi except for the final boss and the 'sad' song that plays during cutscenes in TO.I was so excited when I found out Sakimoto did FF12's sound track too but I didn't really like it
1Anyone get the LUCT artbook? it's amazingI've been trying to find a PDF forever. I found some obscure link on a DL site once but it was dead :[
Honestly I found it a lot more enjoyable than FFTactics.It felt a lot more pleasant to enjoy the ride storywise, and it was cool to have different routes. Haven't even touched the neutral/chaos ones.Gameplay also felt a lot more responsive and smooth. Granted its far from the combat system FFTactics used, but I can't say I really enjoyed it either.The world was also much more interesting than FFT. I really liked the political stuff they introduced, but once the Zodiac stones or whatever came in it just became a fucking mess of a story. Ramza was also fucking boring, and I didn't even get the reason why was I playing him instead of Delita. And characters that were introduced were completely forgotten once their chapter/s were over. I thought it was cool as fuck how the characters in Ogre sometimes had dialogue during battle here and there. Felt like they were actually relevant to the world.
3Just got it off the wiki, doubt that anyone who played it is unfamiliar with that OP character anyway.
Canopus is best boy.
6It is.But it's not better than Ogre Battle. 
4FF12 is even more towards the ambient side. It's good, you just have to like, actually put effort into listening to it. Not something you really tend to do while playing video games.
4And Ozma is best girl.Both redheads.Coincidence? I think not.
2dude, i highly recommend you go buy a physical copy.It's so well done. Also get the FFXIV one too for more Masao and Yoshida goodness.
6no. the series are total borefest imo, bland gameplay and mechanic
5You should play through Chaos. I hear Neutral is shit. I finished Chaos awhile back and am doing law for the first timeThis shit is heavy manEveryone calling me the Butcher of Golyat, Denam being kind of a dick and killing a bunch of people, etcVyce's characterization in Law is garbage though. He goes from asshole to morally righteous robin hood... whereas in law he goes from asshole to psycho manipulator
I have only played Knight of Lodis but it's my favourite GBA game. FFTA is also good but not as much.
3Ozma has the hottest design ever, christ. I used to think Deneb was the best, but damn Masao did Ozma justice.
5I'm not really the kind of person that buys a lot of actual books. I don't have a lot of physical books, I move around a lot, etc. I'd probably buy a digital copy if it was reasonably priced though.
I'm doing my first playtrough too. Got in 4th chapter and got bored because I have to grind now. I think that PSP version doesn't contain that much grinding as the original one, but I get bored after 2-3 grinding battles.Anyway, how does replaying work? I want to try other paths as well, but I don't want to replay the whole thing.
3Is Masao the guy that 'redid' all of the art for the remake?
7speaking of Dragoon... check out what FFXIV's adding in Heavensward
7This is a nice thread.
3Once you beat the game you'll unlock something that will let you travel back to key points in the game and change decisions you made to change the story / get different characters and so on.
8Yup he did Metal Gear Acid as well as Zone of Enders, he's amazing. I was sad when Yoshida stepped down from his SE duties, but happy that Masao is still doing stuff for FFXIV
3What about the grinding?
1I saw that! Looks fantastic, love the nod to TO. too bad FF14 looks like shit to play
I loved both, but TO was more grindy so I preferred FFT more because of that
8One thing that really bugged me about TO is how a bunch of classes show up late game or even post game and you don't get to use them a lot.Fusiliers, Shamans, etc
38That's kind of the problem with the game. Using new jobs gimps you as they're useless until you level them a bit while all the random battles level with you. To make things worse, all the story battles have set levels leaving you over leveled for most of them when you want to use new classes.
2Yeah, same here... felt like punishment trying to level them up
8I usually grind twice in the game. In Ch1 for two or three battles, and then in Ch2 for 4 or 5 battles.Probably ~2 hrs of total grind time. I don't remember ever needing to grind in Chapter 4 though... what part are you having trouble with?I remember some of the fights with the dark knights being annoying because of elevation.
9Vyce's characterization in Law is garbage though. He goes from asshole to morally righteous robin hood... whereas in law he goes from asshole to psycho manipulatorwhereas in law he goes from asshole to psycho manipulatorWasn't that in chaos route though?Anyway, it kinda seems that he's there as a blank slate until you pick a route, just so you have a opposite number or some sort. It kinda felt like he's a contrarian or something.
Both are amazing. My only gripe with TO is that every new class begins at level 1, so if you want to atleast test that sweet new recruit you will have to babysit him for hours.
6I made Denam a ridiculously OP ninja being in every battle, he was overleveled and overpowered, gave him the best gear etcThen I'd just make every other member in the party the class I want to level up maybe except one if I wanted a safety netSince you get a multiplier for the number of units that are of a certain class, if I wanted to level up say Dragoons, I'd just get classmarks, and have 4 or 5 dragoons in a battle.OP Denam and maybe Canopus or Arycelle are strong enough to handle pretty much any random encounter on their own, and the low level class gets up to speed super quick because there are so many of them.If I ever have time one day though I'm going to try and hack the game to see if I can tweak how experience is assigned to make it less stupid.
2I'm in chaos path and I need to fight in Hanging Gardens. My party was levels 18-19, while enemies were 21 I think. I guess it could've been done, but I have been doing some grinding till all my team is on level 21.
8ah man that sounds good yeah i been replaying it but wasn't looking forward to leveling up my new troops, will try this thanks.also, awesome fanart there, love the sisters.
"what does being an admin feel like"probably like shitBanned: Use your common sense.
Thats right though
Got banned from a judt cause 2 server for asking how much time this admin spent on his 'job' 6 hours a day and then how much he got paid $0.
Do girls play vidya?
7Asks a questionPosts a picture that has the answer to said questionYou're just trying to bait people into arguments about pointless things. Nobody other than marketing departments care about video game player demographics. Please leave.
WOMEN!!!!!! RAWRHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!
7Of course they do. Farmville and Candy Crash are one of the best games that are out yet.
5Candy Crush e-sports when?Then we could have female teams and guys being a minority.
5Finally, we should end patriarchy in video game and allow more women to create and play video games. Have you seen that most of e-sports events have only male cast? There should be 50/50 mixed teams.
I would've thought there'd be more chicks playing EVE that would mooch off the massive amounts of dosh some people seem to have in that game.
7Where the hell is the source for this?Those numbers for Assassin's Creed and League are straight up wrong. Well I would assume the League one is wrong, LoL is like the new Mario or Zelda that gamur gurls name drop.I wouldn't actually know since mobas are shit
7Mobile "games" just should have nuked, bombed and purged, it's cancer of vidya industry.
neptunia99% male1% female
7that diablo is only right for diablo 3
7dota
8Why would a straight male play this shit?7EVE is just wrong, no way 4% of the players are girls.
8kek´d, but true.
5the league of legends one is probably accurate. You see a lot more girls playing but do you have any idea how many dudes are playing it?I can vouch for the dota 2 one though, thankfully the women who have braved the storm to get into higher mmrs aren't any shittier than everyone else.
They would but the patriarchy won't let them.
define "girl". ;3
0guy in real life
7/pol/You're trying to stir up the whole SJW thing again, and /pol/ really is the best place for this.
4It's possible. Every statistic has an anomaly
7C&C5:1 male to female ratioYeah-nah, that is some straight ass bullshit.
7While this chart has no source, if 17% of Command and Conquer players are female I'm impressed.
7Chart is somewhat interesting, source?I'm surprised LoL and DotA have so few female players, they're basically the ideal female game. Lots of social interaction, very little skill required, your teammates can give you free stuff, cartoon colors, and you'll get banned for "sexism".Yet, apparently Command & Conquer is more popular among girls than LoL and DotA, which is absurd, given that C&C is complex, singleplayer, violent "realism" to the extent that you could have realism in 1998, and pinup chicks in the FMVs.Did Command & Conquer get a dress up mobile app or something while I wasn't watching?
7The problem with that chart is that they are not active players.
7You have to put a lot of hours into these games to enjoy them.
7Most played game is singstarWay to break stereotypes gamer gurlz.
8Autism is almost 5 times more common in girls than in boys.Plus, count the number of boys with a "I wanna fly a spaceship and pew pew pew" fantasy vs. the number of girls with that fantasy. Though ultimately it comes down to tedious diplomacy and spreadsheeting.
buying gf
9This here sounds like big bullshit.
0Girl:at least 2/3 of the following:Was born with a vaginaHas XX chromosomesDoes not currently have a penisBoy:at least 2/3 of the following:Was born with a penisHas XY chromosomesDoes not currently have a vagina
1I think anon meant the opposite of what he wrote.
I'm suprised that many grills play WoW and EVE. I've only played with one confirmed girl on EVE and she was butch as fuck.
Delayed againNew release date is "When it's done."Who honestly didn't see this coming?
7yfw Nintendo announces Mother 4 at E3 next week
8yfw it was delayed because they're making this fanfiction official
8yfw it's the fangame: It's been turned into an official game and the delay is so that it can be transferred to Wii U
ITT: shit that nobody gives a fuck about
Of course I saw it coming. Heck I gave to the Hyper Light Drifter kickstarter a couple years ago and they're a solid year late at least by this point. And they actually had money and stuff.I still think this is never going to be finished. I don't mean to be pessimistic, really I don't, but I just always thought that they were gonna get burnt out trying to make the game as large and extensive as Earthbound was. Plus, I remember the guy who made Mother talking about how the NPC's dialogue was one of the most time-consuming parts of the process. I just think these guys don't realize quite how much work is going into what they propose.
8Get well soon
8Itoi doesn't want another game. No Itoi no mother.
1
1Heck, Itoi has not only said that he doesn't want another official Mother game, but that he would much rather Mother 4 be some sort of game made by fans rather than one made by Nintendo.
8Itoi doesn't even want to touch the first dated as fuck Mother let alone make 4.
1Except he didn't say that at all.He just said that he doesn't want to make another game, that he wants to play it instead.The fans took that as an invitation.
Holy shit I never saw a trailer for this. This shit looks astonishingly well made.
mother 4 was delayed till the end of time Nothing of value was lost
6I think anon's point was who would want to play an official Mother game that wasn't made by itoi
I'm fine with this. That way I won't be disappointed when the next release date looms and they've been quiet, but pleasantly surprised when it finally releases.
0Well then he certainly could have worded it better.
6Yeah I agree
8things they didn't say
2I just think these guys don't realize quite how much work is going into what they propose.I think they do which is why they apparently brought on an English PHD candidate and are opening up positions for pixel artists and additional programmers.
Instead, we’ll update every other week with a behind-the-scenes look at what we’re doing and why we’re doing it. Less secrecy, more transparency.That's what I've been asking the dev team to do for months. I don't have the time to play the game anyways right now, the extra dev time is alright by me and we finally get to learn more about the game. Polish it up to a perfection and I'll be ready when it comes out in 2018. Hopefully this year, though.
1English PHDfor what purpose
8I dunno, maybe for grammar or structure or something. Like quality assurance? I hope so, because I want as many people making sure the game doesn't suck as possible.
0Because that worked so well for Smash Bros.
2Omg dude when IS hyper light drifter coming out? That's some slow snail pace shit there
7I knew it was going to happen but when you say Winter 2014, Spring 2015 and you're still not done yet just how fucking incomplete are you? Shit has to be nearly complete if you're saying shit like 2014
7How does anyone like this boring fucking seriesEveryone tells me to get pastbthe first hour of Earthbound but it's so fucking boring I literally can not do it. Every time I start playing it I just remember "I could be playing smash. Or DK 64. Or reading the fucking dictionary."
0Earthbound is a pretty slow game though. If you don't feel like playing it you should read up on the plot and play mother 3 instead.
0It's okay to not like RPGs, Anon.
0They grew up with it and don't have autism so they're capable of enjoying a relaxing game that requires reading and a bit of imagination.
4I'm offended by that.I have autism and I loved Earthbound.
7At least it's free and they didn't e-beg like Undertale or Lisa.
2Mother 4 wasn't crowdfunded so they don't really owe you anything. Fucking give them some time.
0I could be playing smashblaming others for your shit taste
0ADHDFixed that, sorry urfbro.
9It's going to be a disappointment like Titan Souls.
8Actually, I've got that too.
7Do you have brain cancer? Or shit taste?
Good. I hope it never comes out under that title. It's not a real Mother 4 so they have no right to use that name.
2There is an actual autistic guy in this thread with less autism than you. Were you also one of those people who tried to get Nintendo to C&D the Mother 3 fan translation because it wasn't a true Earthbound 2?
4he would much rather Mother 4 be some sort of game made by fansfansSauce or fuck off
8good grief
2And what would a "real" Mother 4 be?
1Mother 3 was actually canon and part of the official series.Mother 4 is a fan project and not a part of the official series, but yet it's still trying to say it is with that fucking title.
4All Itoi said is he would like to be the player this time. That's open for interpretation where it would be fans or other developers to pick up the torch.
So going away from the usual circlejerk, what do you guys want to see in this game?
4A game actually made by Nintendo that is actually canon.
1doesn't say shit about fans. he literally says: If someone started making something like “Chimidoro-numa Strikes Back” and you could basically say, “This is clearly MOTHER 4, however you look at it,” who knows, I might just say, “In that case, why don’t you stick a red cap on him and give him a backpack?”He has no problem with the idea of Mother 4, since it was said in the Earthbound documentary the starmen people are making that he knows about Mother 4 and the fan translation patch and doesn't mind.
5I've said it before and I'll say it again: Even though I'm looking forward to M4, it's clear that what he meant by "I want to be the player" was "I don't want to make any more Mother games; don't really care what Nintendo does with the franchise".
2Its death.
5We all know you're butt blasted, but could you turn it down a notch?
0You're still interpreting it as if it's one absolute. We knew he was done and he would like to be a player this time around. That's all he said.
5No.The guy in that image is right. The series doesn't belong to these people. They have no right to call their fangame "Mother 4"
I would love to see Itoi get this released on ps4 only. That would be hilarious even though I don't own one.
5That guy's a little uninformed.
1This is clearly MOTHER 4, however you look at it,” who knows, I might just say, “In that case, why don’t you stick a red cap on him and give him a backpack?”That kinda fucking says it all, doesn't it?
5But in the end, who cares?
3guy
5Real fans of the series.
4yfw it is so good it impressed ItoiItoi called Nintendo and he is pushing Mother 4, along with a release of Mother 3 for Amurika
This will be 5x better
4you're still interpreting what he meansNigger if everybody said exactly what they meant all the time language would be boring as shit. Flat out refusing to allow any interpretation is like plugging your ears and closing your eyes.I bet you're one of this idiots in middle school English that thought, "What if the author didn't mean ANYTHING by what he was writing? What if he was just writing down whatever he felt like?"
5I guess every Pokemon fangame's wrong, huh? Every Mario, every Megaman, every game that names itself in an official manner, right?It doesn't matter. It's just a fangame. Might be good, might be great, might be shit.If we're gonna circlejerk about the name again, let's go play with Mother 5. *That* is pretentious. 
6every [fan]game that names itself in an official mannerIs wrong. Correct. I'm glad we agree.
5both trailers straight up say that they aren't affiliated or official with Nintendo in any way and tell people to buy earthbound on the VCendless responses saying NO WE ARE JUST A FAN SEQUELHURR THEYRE STEALIN IT FROM ITOIIf they make an official Mother 4 they will just straight up call it Mother 4. This is a fucking fan sequel, one of dozens. One of several projects from Starmen.net started in the aftermath of the Mother 3 translation, all of which were just fan fiction about what could come after Mother 3. See this image? This is from Mother 4, another one. See those six characters above Lucas and Claus? Those are all protags from Mother 4 projects. You are projecting like fucking crazy.
3I bet you're one of this idiots in middle school English that thought, "What if the author didn't mean ANYTHING by what he was writing? What if he was just writing down whatever he felt like?"Nice ad hominem, bro.You still have to understand that everyone interprets things differently which is why Itoi remarked something so vague. There's no use being buttblasted over the fact that either he wants to play a Mother 4 or is done with the series entirely.
9If it's a fan game then it should have a fan title. Not an official one. No matter if Nintendo is planning on making one or not.
5But there is no Mother 4 so it is not an official title!
5People who make fan games of a game can call it whatever the fuck they desire. As long as they do not encroach on profit-making territory i.e. donations, Patreon, Kickstarter etc., there is no issue with Nintendo at least.
7vaguesee 0 and 1You are acting like he didn't say things that he did. How the fuck is any of that vague? 5Moving the goal postsMissing the pointYou asserted they were being disingenuous and acting like the game belonged to them. I pointed out that you are full of shit. Trying to make this about the eventuality of Nintendo making one of their own is far and away unrelated.
7goodnow to hope for its eventual dissolution
2It was quite vague at the time of the interview. It was obviously clarified later on.
6You realize you can enjoy a fangame without considering it canon, right?If that's too hard for you, then you don't have to play it.
2Fuck off with your high school debate-team bullshit, kid.Doesn't matter what they say publicly about their intent, using an official name is the same as claiming the series as their own.
8That will never happen, but I would be ecstatic if it did.
All I want is to play a new Earthbound/Mother 3 style game set in a Mother-style universe, and all I get is a bunch of dingleberries arguing over the fucking name. Fucking autists.
2Their delay is at least understandable. They got a lot of money for the project, and have to do a lot of shit. If it weren't for one of my friends, though, I frankly would have stopped caring about hldHelped fund Shovel KnightHelped fund Risk of RainDidn't get burned on either of these campaignsSucks to suck, drifdongs
TES style Mother 1 fangame when
4Fuck off with your high school debate-team bullshit, kid.Ooh, bad boy finisher to boot. If you can't hold up a decent argument on a place like /v/, you should keep lurking like the clueless /v/irgin you are.Doesn't matter what they say publicly about their intent, using an official name is the same as claiming the series as their own.And Nintendo has done nothing to stop that, so what's your point?
2memes
6Confirmed no memes, drop the game while you're ahead.
4kidTHE EDGE IS UNREAL
4nothin personell, kid *tips fedora*
5Wow that guy seems anally devastated. Although he does have a point that calling a fangame Mother 4 seems odd. Maybe something like Mother: Revival.
4There is no argument to be had here. You're literally wrong, and the only people that support these shitter devs are high school debate-team argument addicts like you.
8There is no argument to be had here.Then get the fuck out. No one cares about ramblings from an idiot who doesn't know his place.You're literally wrong.Explain how I'm wrong then.and the only people that support these shitter devs are high school debate-team argument addicts like you.Mmmm, more ad hominem. I can just taste the salt from your tears.
9These look awful. Those sprites didn't even try to replicate the Earthbound style.
6Then get the fuck out.Nah. Explain how I'm wrong then.Nah.I can just taste the salt from your tears.If you say so.So did your debate team win your last match?
6But then you're stiiiill implying the gaaame is good enough to be an official gaaame by "reviving" a series which is deeead except I really want Itoi to come out of game-retiiiirement and make another new gaaaame despite Mother 3 pulling all its punches and making a weaker experience than it should have been.
4dis kid don't quit
Why not just call the game Father? Who the fuck cares though, it's a fucking name. People are so fuckign stupid they'd resort to actually getting mad at the name of a video game.
6That's because they were made by kids. 4nah i'm not gonna support my unsubstantiated shit i'm just gonna ad hominem and jack off to my gooey fecal opinion and be mad about petty things all my lifeCool, brah.
4It's okay, bro. You got rekt pretty good. Now it's off to bed. Youngsters shouldn't stay up so late.
8Being this mad about the number 4
3all that baiting to try to get me to argue with himKeep trying. This is fun.
I AM SO FAR ABOVE ARGUMENTS MY ONLY COMEBACK IS TO CALL SMARTER PEOPLE HIGHSCHOOL DEBATERS Repeating the same phrases and actions is a sign of autism. Autism speaks, it's time to listen. Get to a doctor.
0ow the edge
4The debate kid and the retard.Someone needs to save this shit.
4yfw 4
Aaanyway, what are you guys hoping to see in this damn game?
2literal high school debate team tacticssmarter
8An end to paid sleeper shills, like you
4Mother 4
3What's with the emphasis on the vowels? Is this a Mother talking quirk or something?
8Nothing and/or it never releasing.
9No, I'm just honestly sick of the same circlejerk over the name. Can we talk about something freaking new for once?3Trying to sound whiny through text.
4dem high schoolers be smarter than your dumbass
4Can we talk about something freaking new for once?Nah, it's more fun to derail the topic by triggering debaters.
8A Lucas,Kumatora, or Porky cameo like how Mother 3 had a cameo of the Earthbound protags.
44
4Not smart enough to realize a successful derail when they see it.
1This thread really needs to kick it up a notch.
1I think the only cameos would be Mr. Saturn and something else.
3There's derails in every single Mother 4 thread. It's commonplace. You had to be a complete retard to not expect it to happen. It's like a meme now or some shit. Thread was entertaining. Rumps were rekt.
7It was to be expected, but it's fine, in the first place I'm not that desperate to get it and I'd rather see it delayed than rushed as fuck.
4I actually want the screenshot of the fake leak. Keep forgetting to save it.

0calling your ripoff a Souls gameLol, the dev is pretentious little shit
2Reminder:The final boss is a "Super UFO"That's its fucking nameModern Men are just people in Starman costumes that don't fitTheir goal is to revive GiygasTravis' special attack is a spriterip of PSI Rockin given a green color filterThere are memes every other NPCOnly 2 townsThe slime pillars are "Godstones" used to curse the planetTravis is being tricked by Floyd into touching them and gathering hate to revive GiygasThe final party is Travis, Zack, Meryl, LeoLeo fights the final boss aloneYou beat it by using a music box item eight timesYou don't even collect melodies, you just play themIt's a prequel to MotherThe Giygas that appears in Mother is the revived Giygas from EarthboundThere is a line after beating the Super UFO: "Whoa... Time travel is really trippy... How does that even work?" to which Meryl replies "How do magnets work?" and then they all stand there with question mark bubbles.The Mr. Saturns build Travis a UFO bat. It's designed to hit UFOs out into space before they can land.Floyd is the child boss of the Modern MenThe last boss music is a MIDI of "Ride on Shooting Star" by the Pillows.The "best" part of the game is when Travis has to fight himself and it has rolling HP and the same stats, and gradually gets better at rhythm combos to the new boss tune as you doThe meters around the names are used for limit break style attacksTravis talks during his: "Don't hurt me!" "Sorry about this!"Travis' dad is a guy named Renee who walks around during the whole game giving you adviceYou save via your dadSaving is a six line dialog box every fucking time before you even get the prompt, then two more "funny lines" before it ends and lets you play againPic related.
4Wait, wait.
5What's really fun is that the debate-team took a lot longer than usual to realize that nobody is going to take them even the slightest bit seriously.
0There was a part 2 as well.I just love how dumb it is.
4not crossing out the "Fangames are real games" square when half of the thread is literally "Wah this fangame doesn't deserve to be a sequel to the real games!"
8Nah. You are here. You don't have to lie to kick it, faggot.
2You really love this debate team thing, don't you? People disagreeing with you and pointing out where you're being a retard isn't debate team, unless you're calling most of /v/ a debate team. Alsoheh i was just pretending to be mad
0This was from before the trailer, too. I wonder what it would have been like if the "leaker" made it after.
4Gee, I sure hope the next Paper Mario will be a successor to TTYD and not StickerShit.There you go, anon
5Fine. I figured it was just a knock against Mother 4, but you're right.Also, a line has been made, finally.
6Nah, it's about this: 
8The Modern Mind's design and sequence are things that give me a lot of faith in the game.References to Carpenter's The ThingReferences Columbo Travis hit it backIt just seems like it's decently in line with the previous titles.
9ad hominemgoalpostssupport blah blah unsubstantiatedhe won't debate me so he's the retardsomehow not high-school debate teamIf you actually wanted to discuss the game instead of show off how much of a leet debater you are then you'd have ignored his stupid ass.
Imagine if Lennon got mad at Itoi for using the name
9The funny thing is, is that you've all been arguing with and/or jeering at me instead of actually discussing the game.
GUYS GUYSWhat if it's not named after the Lennon song this time, but the pink floyd song?
0actually I should've typed "you've all been ATTEMPTING to argue with me"my mistake
i hope there's a starman in it. just an optional boss or enemy or npc. throw me a bone
2Not unreasonable.
4Congratulations! You're more than halfway done! I added the totals of your percentages together, and you're 2559/4300 through the game! Woo! It looks amazing so far man I love what you're doingThere's a looooong road ahead.
7delayed againAs long as its comes out.I will work on my backlog till then.
2448643What if they are  The same person. 
2Hey look, it's that thing from the first trailer.
24 and 6 was me.
2But what does the orb of green jelly do?
6No way! It was me too!
6those things are going to be the sanctuaries/needles of this gamein a cave surrounded by mushroomsthat mushroom boss looking guy from the first sccreenshots has a sanctuary pattern behind him
8My own clone! Now neither of us will be virgins!
I hope there's flamboyant bugs.
4Go on his tumblrhe ships Rosalina x Daisy and Luigi x PeaslyDisgusting
5Thank god, the Paper Mario project he's working on is mostly an HD remaster.
0or fluff moths
2But with Lumas.
6That's why I said mostly. There's always a catch.
6Twink is now a Luma instead of a star kid
going to fail because they have more artists than competent programmers. Also they want the game to be the best. so expect this to never come out finished.
I fucking love that one of the party members is a Jap gangster.
9It's also going to fail because they think they're the main series when they're not.
8running gags from the Mother series, like the easter egg of a dairy telling how some guy got out of a speeding ticket by telling the cop his fat wife was pregnant with a demon.
4Or a 'Murican greaser.
7Good. Now they have more time to change the name.
8Either one would be cool. It seems he's actually a criminal this time around which is neat. Teddy was always my favorite.
7IP count didn't go upHmm
1I'm not samefagging I'm just over at somebody's house who also hates this game. Get over it.
6HEY FUICK YOU YOU'RE NOT ME, I'M ME NOT YOU
6At least suck his dick, what are you waiting for?
6What a compelling argument.
6cmon even my grandma can think of better excuses
9Your mom can think of better excuses.
6I don't know how to suck my own dick.
yaaaaaay I killed a thread
166 posts39 IPs50+ shitposts
8Suck my meaty cock, faggot
5It's magical, isn't it?
0it's still up
So they're going to change the name, right?
2Nah, too much work and then you gotta redo the sprite work for the logo and it'll look like crap, etc.
2Nah.
0This guy?I didn't notice the sanctuary boss background.I hope they fixed the ramblin mushroom sprites, they look fucking huge.
8up =/= alive
49Well then fuck this game still.
2The majority of the team are artists so I'm sure one of them will notice something off.dat UIThank fucking god they changed it.
49That's no excuse. They're not Nintendo. It shouldn't be called Mother 4.
2They're not a real company either. No real reason to change it.
1yfw it looks like skeleton teeth clamping down on the battle
1Not being a real sequel is the definitive reason to change it from a title that implies that it's a canon sequel.
2Mother is third party and Nintendo has literally no say besides Iwata and Itoi being good friends
1Nowhere does it say it's canon either. Take it easy!
0I like this guy.
5I'm sorry but the implications in your post are gross and dangerous.
2It's implied by the title.
5implying implicationsabout a Nintendo series suddenly being on the PC
6You're mom is gross and dangerous.
2It's not a Nintendo game, that's why they need to change the title.
4But because it's not a Nintendo game, the title does not matter!
4do they shave it or they're balding?
2Holy fucking christ. Hooked twice in the same fucking topic.
1You're
4The title matters because that title does not belong to them. Mother 4 is reserved for Nintendo should they ever chose to make it.If they want to make a Mother fangame, they should have a fangame title, not a mainseries title.
5should they ever choose to make itshiggy
02spooky4me
4Really?You actually fell for that enough to respond?Like... seriously?
5"Oh no! This fan game is called Mother 4. I guess we can't make Mother 4 like we planned."
9Me too
Jesus christ, are people still shitting their pants over a number in the title?
6They are less likely to make their own if some fangame exists. That's why we don't have an official translation of Mother 3.
6Thats what I'm saying you half-wit. Now there will never be a TRUE and HONEST Mother 4 created by Nintendo.
5Not really. Just people shitting their pants over people claiming to be shitting their pants over the number in the title in order to derail the thread.
Literally HOW IN THE FUCK
GET GOOD
GIT FUCKING lucky
0_____gitstay to the right
0hard work and a burning passion to win.Also fuck the butterflies and the lightning bolts
5hard work and a burning passion to win.That just leads to disappointment mate.
the first half is a joke, but that canyon at the end dick slaps with me 3+ birds every fucking time
0git gud shitter
Wow seriously?I haven't played that game in over a decade and I could do that first try right fucking now.
5ok whatever
3Well. What's stopping you?
Entire sequence, from your first tutorial run to finishing the zero time run, shouldn't take you more than an hour. Quit being a shit
I found this easier than dodging the fucking lightning 200 times
1I dunno, I don't care about Final Fantasy anymore because I'm not 15.
2Ebin
7tfw can only make it to 34 lightning doges
6Not using the crater exploit200 bolts on the second try. Now, butterflies on the other hand
That rage when one bird smacks you and before you are even allowed to move another one hits you.
OP here, I did it!It really is just RNG, depends if the other racer gets hit enough times or not. Then you just have to deal with 2 birds which is easy to dodge compared to all 4 at once
In a straight up fight, who would win between Mario and Sonic? Sonic, right? His speed means Mario couldn't do anything.
4Mario would freeze sonic and throw him into lava
7How in the fuck would you freeze something that rolls around at the speed of sound?
4Mario got dat fireball swag, Sanegg can't come straight at him or he's gonna get burnt
4Mario is faster I think, unless you talk about newer games.Also, isn't there a fucking game to settle this fucking bullshit already? Hell, I think there are TWO of them.
SonicDestroyed multiple space stationsDestroyed multiple GODSDestroyed a being of timeCan outrun a blackholeMarioHe defeated Bowser in space
How many rings does Sonic have and how many reserve Mushrooms does Mario have?
5If sonic is trying to fight mario, at some point he has to be heading directly towards mariothat's mario's chance to shoot out an ice
Super Mario can take two hits and dies.Super Sonic is invulnerable.Doesn't take too much thinking here.
Sonic is just the Flash but in furry autism formSo he'd punch Mario at least 1000 times in one attosecond
4starting a thread with tumblr
0I had to. These pictures are from a tumblr site
7What about Star Mario?
Legitimate question...
Custom stuff, GNM for low-level shit, GNMX for high-level, and their own shader language, PSSL.
Have you actually played any of the creepypasta games?
No I'm not underaged
8I used to play majora's mask all the time.
I have at least three cursed games in my Steam library. How do I exorcise them without formatting the entire drive?
2Wow, you must be over 40, practically too old to be on here.
Retro makes a Mario game
6HYPERREALISTICBLOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The cartridge is haunted!Boo!
No I'm no underaged
ecco the dolphin
8No, I don't really read creepy pasta anymore. It's all so bland and boring after a while. The few I've read were kind of shitty. Mediocre at best.Are the games at least any good? Serious question. I don't think I can handle anymore disappointment in my life.
6tfw used to read pastas a lot out of boredomall of them are the same now, excluding a small percentageTruly suffering
Read one creepypastaOh this is neat I guess if not a bit fanficishRead anotherHYPER REALISTICRead anotherHYPER REALISTICRead anotherHYPER REALISTICI stopped trying after that.
6Not much psychological thrills to the actual game, random dead bodies and splatters of blood here and there as well as a few jump scares. You're better off watching gameplay vids on jewtube
3Oh. Sounds lame.Jumpscares don't really do it for me anymore, now that I'm not 12 years old. I prefer psychological horror. The last truly scary movie I've seen was Event Horizon.I'm waiting for horror games to catch on to mind bending terror instead of just gore and jumpscares.
0Silent Hill?
69This. I usually read the supposed true stories because at least they're plausible.
0You might be into "being chased" typed of scares. I know I nearly shit myself during the werewolf part of VTMB
1You might be into "being chased" typed of scaresThat just makes me anxious. I guess it's kind of scary as a result, in a stressful kind of way.I felt too much like a god in VTMB since I abused OP blood magic. Tremere a best.
8Mario having four eyebrowsWhy do people try this hard? Why do you guys appeal to shitty shit?
7Those are lashes and brows.
7I didn't even notice, I just took a quick glance and saw Luigi was a zombie or some shit.What the fuck. Did the "artist" not even realize Mario already had eyebrows before adding a couple pixels?
2zombieThe context of this image is that Luigi survived falling in molten lava while attempting to kill Mario
9It's not vidya-related but I like to read the Holder series from time to time.
8Wouldn't he just bounce back in the air?
8I think falling in lava would do more than just fuck up his face and tear a couple holes in his overalls.
3Just like water, lava has random effects on the Mario bros depending on the game, usually they get their asses burned or they die instantly. In this case, Luigi got his skin burned off, had one of his eyes melt, torn a couple of holes in his clothes.btw, the source is i hate you.exe
0There's lots of good horror games that don't rely on jump scares Anon. Have fun.
As soon as the story teller starts seeing shit irl the creepypasta just drops dead to absolute shit.
7Not him, but lava has always made them bounce off. Either off the screen or into the air, and never has it ever burned anything, especially so little.
4This list is shit if you actually expect to piss your pants. The most you'll get is freaked out from a game.
Is Nanashi no Game a creepypasta game?
8This one was retardedLuigi falls into the lavasomehow has just a burned facehe didn't die and respawn at the beginning of the level
8I told that motherfucker the princess wasn't in the goddamn lava, but noooooo.Oh god, how do I make Mario's brother go away without being offensive?hurglphhhh*slurp*guhhhrrrpfblaaaaahmp
6tfw ghostcar will never lp the sequeltfw don't know japapanese
Most if not all creepypastas are complete shit, this is especially true for video game creepypastas.
0Green mushrooms allow you to travel back in time a short distance. When they die, they never really die, they just alter the timeline so that it didn't really happen at all. Unfortunately, Luigi ran out of green mushrooms and went for a dip anyway.
6Fuck this game, fuck that hospital, and fuck you for no reason.I like to pride myself on not being scared in video games, but that game spooked the fuck out of me. It was all cheap horror too, which sucks even more.
8That isn't true at all. Plus, Super Mario World confirms that Mario could just give him some lives.
Is this game worth trying again? I've restarted on it a number of times, and I've never made it past Groudon. But I think I might have improved my vidya skills in the recent years. So bottom line, is it any good?inb4 /vp/I don't trust those furry autists' opinions
good to get another PC exclusive
I don't knowmaking an unbalanced freemium game =/= being able to make a good strategy game. Especially if you are rebooting a series of one of the better space strategy games of all time to make it a shitty mmo.
9Wargaming somehow got the rights to it.Nope. I am fucking done. I'm done, I'm done. Fuck this world, it's going to be fucking miserable.
wargamingGreat. A browser game.
Honestly MoO 1+2 are my favourite games of all time, having played them since I was a little kid in the DOS era, so i'd really rather replay them and let the series die in piece, or another 4x IP entirely.
So what kind of a game is it?
04X - "eXplore, eXpand, eXploit, and eXterminate"A subgenre of strategy . The original Master of Orion pretty much gave birth to that genre.
7I know, I was asking about this one. Apparently it's a reboot.class="quote"While Wargaming originally made a name for itself with the science fiction strategy game Massive Assault, the company decided to bring on Argentinian-based NGD Studios to create the reboot with the help of key members from the original game's team.Never heard of this NGD Studio.
2Me neither.It really depends on the amount of afford they want to put into it.I don't trust Wargaming or some unknown studio so we can only hope that those few key members make sure the game gets the quality it deserves.That and it should be a real game - Not freemium shit for the browser and/or iOS.
Just play StarDrive 2 or any of the other currently available Orion wannabe games.
, 
.
coming this winterpacman tourney
what's the grand prize
pakkuman tonamentoMight be cool
So is this any good? I Played a lot of Battlefield 3 but got bored/frustrated and skipped BF4.I mainly just wanted more destruction, better UI, and to be able to spawn by clicking on the map like in Bad Company.Should I get this? I need a go-to online game wish there was a Team Fortress 3.PC Version of course.
4's ten times better, you're better off buying it with all the expansions for cheaper than Hardline
1Why is 4 better? I figured Hardline was BF5 but they ditched the numbering. It still has lots of active US servers, right?
8Hardline has less destruction in it's environments and the game is focused on smaller-scale cops-and-robbers type objective modesBattlefield 4's servers are more active surprisingly
OP here.upon further inspection, battlefield 4 is the game im considering, not hardline. Didn't realize hardline was bullshit.so yeah how is Battlefield 4?
24Fcking amahzing you can fly around in jets and ride around in tanks n shit
2In BF4 not hardline
22In hardline you can ride around on a couch.I'd recommend it if you're looking for realism
Just look at the state of /bfg/In 2 years time EA managed to run a hugely succesful, beloved franchise into the ground.
4BF4 is very good, patches fixed the game and even more free content is coming. Premium is essential though
I think you can play battlefield 4 for free on origin for a week.
4Get ARMA instead and hope into an EUTW capture the island server for real combined arms warfare and CQB.Don't do this if you own a toaster or your expectations of modern warfare are built on CoD or BF.implying you should support EAimplying you should support a dead franchiseimplying implications
2It's basically Bad Company 3 but everyone wants to still bitch about it. Not as much building destruction per se, but a surprising number of buildings you can burn down. Progression is a bit more open and mainly involves cash for upgrades. Still have to do the progression thing for certain upgrades though. Battlefield 4 felt like a huge mess to me by comparison.
, 
, 
I don’t know what’s going on. By the time I noticed something was wrong, the entire city was infested with a Resident Evil thread
I haven't played a Resident Evil game since 5 came out, and didn't even get far in that. I just did a couple of hours, fapped to Sheva's ass, and called it a day.Any games since then that I should try?
, 
You didn't forget about them, did you?
Played any games today /v/?
Praticed Memelee but thats it. Thinking about refunding some shitty indie game I got for free and buying something on steam.
7No. I don't have any energy at all lately.
Kingdom Hearts Final Mix, Splatoon, Smash 4 with some friends, and Bloodborne.
OOT brings back good memories
Smash 4Chrono Cross
I brought Dungeon of the endless today. Fun game.
Lords of thunder and eye divine cybermancy.
NeptuniaTERA
dark souls first playthroughI ran the same area like 20 times because I can't beat this boss..
Diablo 2, Mario Kart 7
ITT: Character's who are literally you
kek
6Wow, so edgy.Go fish for attention somewhere else.
HOW DO I OVERLOAD THE REACTOR?
inb4 wicked sense of humor
Are you me?
For me, it's Isaac - Intelligent, nihilistic and with a wicked sense of humor.
ITT: Worst grills of their respective franchises
Simply the worst.
Welcome to the Circus of Values!
AYY LMAO. GTFO shitposter.
5Bienvenido me llamo El Ammo Bandito!
SS 2  Bioshock 2  1  SS 1  Infinite
5Uh. This thread It won't go well. It won't go well at all.
5come back when you got some money buddy!
7shit taste buddy1infiniteminerva's deninfinitess2ss12
Seriously speaking, how many are you guys are going to ditch 7 and 8 for good and go with windows 10?
why would you ever switch right away ?i'll wait at least a few years as usual
4I don't think I will.Unless it turns out to be significantly better for gaming.
leaving cute short blue-haired girl for generic anime trashnah, staying win 7. Im just waiting for them to pull the "yearly subscription" card, which they will pull.
4im still on 7. cant get used to tiles.
4I'll probably go with Windows 10 and pretend it's Windows 9.
6Don't remind me ;-;
4I'd do it, it's free. not like I paid for windows 7 in the first place
win 10 better for gaming, gonna support direct x 12. 7 and 8 won't. And it's fucking free...
What could have been is now lost forever.
Me. I'm not some poorfag that lives in the past.m-muh XP/7 perfectionmore than half the people spouting this nonsense don't even know why XP/7 is better than 8, they just say it because they're a too poor to upgrade, b too stupid to know how to upgrade for free, c parroting what other idiots are saying.
Best versionAlso best girlAlso most well drawnThey did that on purpose.
IE is best girl.
Waste of data, enjoy your mobile ready bloatware, retards.Yes, I pirated 7
65Hah dummy!
I'm likely not going to upgrade unless, if my friends aren't messing with me, it'll just be like a software update instead of a normal OS change. Too many programs installed. Don't want to go through hours of reinstalling. It'd take me over two days to reinstall everything.
Nah. Windows 7 will let me play new games for a couple more years. After that I'm switching to linux for good. It's free, and there are plenty of good linux-ready games.No games in the next two years will force me to get windows 10, I can count on that.
4I'm not downgrading to windows thanks
im going to, i think cortana will be a nice function now that im getting used to controlling my ps4 with voice
ITT: Things you have lost all hope for
5ITTthings that will never be released because fags overhyped it
league of legends getting a nice community and becoming a fun game
2
A good call of duty.
5
A good thread on /v/
, 
Why do people shit on Destiny all day for having no story, yet praise Bloodborne, even though it actually has absolutely no story?
Same reason everyone on /v/ loves final fantasy which has literally 25 games with one coming out every year and hates CoDDouble standards
2because that's not the only reason to shit on Destiny
Because there are different groups of people, anon.Did you know that there are hundreds and thousands of users a day that use the very same site that you and I both use? Amazing!
2One of these is a self-contained experience.The other is a "grand, 10-year plan"The former has little story.The latter has even less.
5Name more.
2BloodBorne has the gameplay and atmosphere to make up for it. Destiny plays like COD for the most part and doesn't even have the content to make up for its sort comings.Its like if i bashed FF13 for its story then told you i liked Spyro Year of the Dragon. Yes Spyros story is shitty and simplistic but it has things to fall back on where has FF13 doesn't.
2Destiny had a vague and confusing story in game at least as its driving force for shooting x aliens in a closed room while trying not to fall asleep. Bloodborne had an intentionally vague and legitimately confusing story as its backdrop to a fun game.
7Plays like a shitty COD/Halo/Borderlands hybrid Has poor amount of content for what it isPoor weapon balance in multiplayer for the most part Its lore is literal garbage and its bosses are trash even compared to BorderlandsIts a bad game.
2I went through Bloodborne without any clue about why the hell I was a hunter, where or when Yharnem was, why it's befallen these dark times, or why anything is happening at all.I went through Destiny knowing that I was a guardian, one of the last soldiers of humanity, and it was my quest to protect what I had left from whomever tried to take it. Notice the difference.
bloodborne is ezmode dark souls without story/v/ praises itI don't get it either.
3Change all of that to BB, and it applies the same to it.
4to top it off it's a damn console exclusiveAll the bloodborne fans on /v/ have to have had a cross-dimensional slip with bizzaro-/v/I really don't get it, guys.Why does this game get so much praise?
The hell did this "bloodborne has no story" joke come from? Have you faggots even played it?
I don't understand why /v/ doesn't universally love the story in Miyazaki games.I mean, it's allimplied
4Yeah, Bloodborne requires a functioning brain so it's not for you unfortunately
4Ad hominem. GG anon.Anyways, tell me when things get explained in BB.
7People don't love the story, they love the method of story telling.
1I'm here to mock you, not do the job of a wiki
6Hybrid of other gamesUnlike Destiny this is good though BB played like a action game mixed with a Souls game.Poor amount of contentStill 40-50 hours worth not 100 like other Souls games but its still alot in this day and age and average for a RPG back during gen 6Poor mp balanceYes but PvP is a after thought and anyone who takes it seriously is a retard.Its lore is garbageNot really its just limitedTrash bosses Sadly it does have a good deal of throw aways but Gherman and Father G are great.4Implying any From games are hard overallSoulsdrones are pathetic pieces of shit Fume Knight/Artorias were the only things i found hard in the other games. Granted i found nothing hard in BloodBorne for the most part its still pointless to say its a ez mode souls game when souls games aren't hard.
2Mocking me for having a differing opinion? How Tumblr of you.
Play DestinyMidway through the game"I don't even have time to explain why I don't have time to explain"I was a little upset. Just a bit. I may or may not have yelled "Oh go fuck yourself" at the screen
2It's like I'm really on tumblr
I thought people were exaggerating when talking about Destiny because it's Activision, Bungie and a massive AAAAAAAAAA game. But holy shit I think people online were actually downplaying how strange, disjointed and undercooked that story is. It's a complete messI still don't understand Bloodborne's story, or just the ending really.
Bloodborne literally has the easiest story to decipher out of all the Souls games, besides DS2 which doesn't count because it panders to retards.
3I have normie friends who act like it's the best shit ever and it confuses the fuck out of me.
3I turned the game off immediately after that. I still quote that line to my friends who play the game to this day and they have no response.The white PS4 was still worth it.
1when in the game does it explainNPCs give you context through what they say. Theit pur pose is to almost exclusively give you constand contextra woth which to form the story with.If you can't make the connections between the information that is presented to you in BB and in other From games, then I'd say you really need to stop complaining about the story in them as it just makes you look stupid. You don't get it? You're confused and don't know what's happening? Fine. Either ask, or just shut up. Saying it doesn't have a story is incorrect. The same goes for all Souls games, Armored Core too. You probably just wanted to complain though. 0/10 did not reply.
2Because people like psuedo-difficult games and think they look interesting for playing something "hard" making them look like hardcore gamers. It's also a cheap darksouls knockoff. Everyone I heard raving about it stopped playing already so I assume it has virtually no replay value as well.
9 You did actually reply, so good on you for exposing your autism. Secondly: Quite literally no NPC tells you shit. Even then... there's under ten NPCs to talk to throughout the game. No one explained why I was in Yharnam, why it is what it is, or anything of the sort. At least you get a backstory in DoS1.
9Neither Dark Souls nor Bloodborne go into your character's motives because the character is a blank slate.
7DoS1 gave you a backstory.
5No it doesn't. It gives you back story about the world you're in, which Bloodborne does as well, but never goes into who your character is and why they're doing what they're doing. That's for the player to decide.
4Don't skip the opening cutscene.Explore.Read the notes.Talk to the few NPCs you can have a proper conversation with.Read the fucking god damn notes in game. Read item descriptions. It tells you in the first five minutes that you're a traveler coming to Yharnam looking for this mysterious 'blood ministration' which is said to cure illness. You wake up after some crazy old fuck gifts you with the blood ministration and you're in a bloodied clinic. Bam. Instant atmosphere. There's a story if you bother to look and read and explore. If you literally just smash buttons until you fight Gehrman / Moon Presence / give up and live in the hunter's dream then you're not going to get anything out of it.I like both games but saying Bloodborne has no story is fucking retarded. It's just something you have to look for and find for yourself. Also, tomorrow's Nightfall is going to be Sepkis again, mark my words.
2:^ ^::^^:
2Destiny has no story because half of it was removed at the last minute and they hired some homeless guy to break it up and put it all on the website somewhere for you to have to leave the game to read. I haven't played BB, so I can't really comment on the story delivery. However, if it's like any of the other games the story will be broken up into talking with NPCs/reading item descriptions with an occasional cut scene. If you're actually paying attention to the world around you it's not really all that difficult to figure it out. It's probably why there's a wealth of explanation online about FROMs titles, whereas the explination to Bungie's is almost non-existent.
3I dont like FF at allSo you can fuck off
Who gives a shit about either of those games?
1why the hell I was a hunterLiterally the first npc in the fucking game talks about it when you're getting blood ministration to quote the guy: "Easy, with a bit of Yharnam blood of your own... But first, you'll need a contract...". where or when Yharnem wasMaybe the sign that you have to read in order to open the door to Yharnam wasn't enough for you?why it's befallen these dark timesBeast disease started to spread there, shit went out of control and the city was burned. Plenty of notes on the city explaining that.why anything is happening at allDisease turns people into monsters. monsters are bad, hunters hunt monsters, you're a hunter. It's uch a hard concept that I can see why people without brains can have a hard time understanding it.
7This anon is correct. I dunno about cheap but it's shallow as heck. Also much easier unless you played turtle style ds.
People actually expected Destiny to have a good story. Nobody expected Bloodborne to have a story and nobody cared when it didn't have one.
9Alfred QUITE LITERALLY asks what you would like to discuss. You then pick from a list of topics and you get this LEARN SHIT. Wow, so hard. I said above that NPCs give you information through context. It's up to you to put it all together in working order and understand the story. Your argument: "they literally dont".0/10 did not reply, but nice try. But 0/10.
bloodborne storyYou have aids or something so you go to a mysterious to try blood healing as a last resort.... but you need more and more blood and things aren't as they seem.....
People shit on Destiny for having cruddy gameplay that a wider audience i.e. casuals will say rips off of Borderlands.
2bloodborne's story was intentionally vague, whereas destiny's was worse than the main quest of the average mmo and seemed to be held together only by paper mache, twigs, and joe staten's tearsbloodborne also had nothing on the tier of "i don't even have time to explain why i don't have time to explain"
I put like 200 Hours in Destiny. I regret that now, because I dont know how I got hooked but the game is fucking ass.The gunplay is excellent, but the amount of content is just laughable. "Oh, I could tell you of a big battle that took place" yeah, fuck youBloodborne has a story, and tells it in a different way. Destiny trys to give you a insane amount of backstory and shit - but you have to read it up on the bungie homepage via the grimoire cards - That is such a stupid idea i dont even know what to say.
6And that about wraps it up. If OP couldn't get that, then there is not hope for him
I wonder if I'll ever get to have an actual discussion about Bloodborne here that isn't drowned out by shitposters who haven't played it
Literally read Item description. The story of souls game are purposefully vague in order for the player to piece the events together on his own. The story is not fed to you, you have to seek it in the game
5Bitch what are you talking about? Everybody knows each board on 4chan is a self-contained homogenous hivemind of consensus opinions.
2OP I have a question for you
4Bloodborne lore works the same way as the darksouls games. The npc's explain things in often vague ways and the item descriptions do the same. If you want to know more about the game you can easily read up on those things, or if you have no interest in story its not shoved down your throat every two seconds in muh cinematics. More games should do it this way to be honest. Sometimes i want to hear about story sure. But most times i just want to play a game. Not sit through 10 minute cutscenes to hear about a plot thats probably shit anyway.
2Because the story of Destiny was supposed to be one of the more interesting features of the game. That is before the whole thing was scrapped and re-purposed into a gear treadmill COD clone grindfest. I mean come on. When you have to go to external third party resources grimoire to piece together what little story Destiny has, then it deserves to be shit on.
Muh Lore.I like both for the same reason. Gameplay. Builds are fun in Bloodborne, albeit lacking compared to previous Souls games. The gunplay in Destiny is fun.
3The gunplay in Destiny is funIt is exactly the same as every FPS game since Halo. The only difference being that every time your yellow bar fills up you can get a flashy killing spree.No, the gunplay in Destiny is just mediocre.
5It's also satisfying because Halo's gunplay is satisfying.
Destiny is fun and it's one of the few shooters left on the market with a focus on movement and a more "traditional" style of gameplay.Yes there's overtones of CoD, but it's all layered over Halo/DOOM
2doesnt have a storyI didnt pay attention: the postThere is a difference between no story and a story told in the background. If you didnt find Gascoignes daughter all he is to the player is a madman, if you dont find the invitation to Cainhurst you never understand the Executioners and the Vilebloods and if you dont find Eileen you never enjoy her story.The story is there, its
5DeS you mean.
OP has left the building. He won't even argue with me anymore. Thread is dill.
2
2Saved
2Yes, it does. It tells you who you are, explains your place in the world and lets you get at it. How did you not get that?Jesus, man. I know people are getting WAY to used to having shitty plots explained through muh graphycs cut scenes and shit but come on. At least try a little bit.
2the greatest tool for narrative is wordy item descriptions and barely interactive expositional dialogueftfy
, 
any gamesecret weapon/character/boss is only available by wanking and patting your tummy while on the left side of town square under the full moon while inputting the konami code backwardsOffenders that spring to mind are that chest from ff12 and Stefan from Path of Radiance.
MMOThe most expensive gear is also the sluttiest looking
2The worst part is finding out about this type of shit after beating the game and feeling like you were robbed of content.
game has huge build up leading up to a climactic confrontation with the big badit's either literally nothing, a quick time event, or just a few waves of regular enemies and a pat on the back
Ultimate weapon in gameHave to beat the hardest boss to get it
enemies that run away from you
you can only unlock content in Game A by buying game B
being a completionest Not even once
0beating the boss just unlocks the weapon's special abilityyou have to grind like a mother fucker with it because its power is based on how many enemies you've killed with itthe "regular" ultimate weapons are attainable through normal meansFucking Symphonia man, it did the weirdest shit.
9It's true. My wife and I have to completion whore every game we play now. it's a curse.2Are you referring to the chest with the Zodiac Spear in FFXII? How was that hard, you just skip opening 4 chests in the first half of the game-ish and then walk into the Necrohol and grab it.
2Mega man XHadouken/ultimate weapon can only be obtained by playing througharmored Amarillo stage 10 times and find secret hole in ceiling To be fair it makes bosses no challenge
Defeat bossgives you less experience than the normal enemies you fought to get to him
1It's not play through the stage ten times, you have to reach the platform ten times, getting up there and then jumping off and dying works.
8Defeat bossNo experience or drops
1I think he's bitching about how fucking unrelated and nonsensical that shit was.I mean yeah, when you say 'just don't grab 4 specific chests' it sounds simple. But nowhere does it tell you THOSE specific chests, and you don't even get a message saying that you fucked up in some way. It just doesn't spawn the spear. If you never look at a guide, you'll just think that the zodiac spear is just some ultimate weapon that you just missed somehow.Not that the game purposely despawned the fucking thing.
8Defeat bossget only money and maybe an item
stealth gamecan't be 100%'d by doing a pure ghost/no tap runFuck you Styx: Master of Shadows.
have to beat the game on the hardest difficulty to get the best weaponnothing to use the weapon on because you already beat everything to get it
3Have to beat the game on the hardest difficulty to get the full game
4I can only think of BF2.
4Buy game B just for the content in game Adiscover that game B is superior in every way
different difficulties are just different numbersnew game plus is just bigger numbers
beat a gameit unlocks a minigame at the endthe minigame is better than the main game
499zelda oracle games did this but at least both were solid games
5first time ever playing dark soulscant hook up to the internet so I cant updatefinally kill gargoylesget fucking nothingfind out that without a certain patch you don't get the ten thousand souls you were supposed to get for killing them
1I'm guessing it's not that it's hard, but you have to do some specific and nonsensical bullshit to get it and there's no real way to know to do that because nothing that even hints to it.It's just bullshit developers throw in as bait to sell official guides and crap.
4What Borderlands did was bad.What Borderlands 2 did was outright fucking criminal.
5There was also the fact that almost none of the high level tier enemies were balanced. It was just awful at ultimate.
"Hold them off while I hack this computer!"
game has strong gameplay mechanics that set it apart from others of its genreabandons said mechanics halfway through in favor of generic, poorly programmed standard gameplayguess which game
8mfw every stronghold takeover in Just Cause 2
"You need five goblin penises to craft this sword."each goblin has a 1/fucktillion chance of dropping a penis
5What did they do?
9stop playing fucking MMOs then?
9some goblins drop multiple penises
status effects/debuffsBosses are immuneBosses can spam the shit out of them against youThe enemies that are worth using the statuses on are super weak anyway
2Video games that are __fun__ fuck this and developers who do this.
9In the higher difficulties/playthroughs literally all they did was 1 Introduce more elementally aligned enemies, 2 Increase the damage everything did, and 3 Give every enemy exponentially more health. No, that isn't hyperbole. Literally exponentially more health. It was supposed to be offset by the fact that there was a new element, slag, that acted as a damage multiplier for the other elements when you hit an enemy with it.But even then it wasn't enough because end game ammo count is a legitimate concern. Even the most OP bullshit build with the most OP bullshit drops take forever to do the DLCs on Ultimate. Not even the bosses; just fodder in the DLC areas. Hammerlock's DLC was HP Sponges: The DLC, even on playthrough 1.If they had set some sort of cap on shit it wouldn't be so ridiculous. But they didn't. You end up with bosses whose HP count goes into the Multi-Billions. Because that's what entertaining, right? HP sinks? Final Fantasy has those, right?
7
Game locks away content without a word if you progress too far without finding it
2what the fuck series is this goop goblin from
2arbitrary RNG based win conditionsHoly fuck all of my rage.
9Let's take a typical psycho.Let's say he has 100 hp at New Game, level 1, ready for the wild ride, etc.You have 500 hp around the time you see him, no big deal, right?You beat the game because normal vault hunter mode is too easy.True Vault Hunter Mode time.That physco now has about 10000 hp, while you're somewhere around 5000.Ultimate Vault Hunter ModePsycho now has about 500,000 Hp, you're probably at 20,000.UVHM with OP8Psycho probably has 1,000,000,000 HP, you have just 200,000.One of the big bad raid bosses has 331 Billion health at this point. Nearly half a trillion because loldamagesponge.I.e. what 0 said.
8iDOLM@STER.Her name is Iori Minase.
8K-On S3
8I haven't played borderlands beyond an hour of coop years ago, how much damage do the guns do? Are we talking an hour of shooting at a boss or what?
7What is every Fable past 1
5The guns. At best, you're looking at a 10m x 3 rocket launcher, at the very top. Norfleet. By themselves, they won't do jack shit, but that's where gamebreaking skill trees come in.Normally, you'd be right about shooting at bosses for an hour, while they do AoEs that probably immediately down you. But people have found gamebreaking ways to beat bosses, such as Salvador using Norfleets with the Sham, or using the Bee shield with the Sandhawk, or my favorite being a pistol build with money shot, grog nozzles, and unkempt harolds.
9Dang. Too bad there's no romance in these games. I'd Iori her Minase.
8that was literally every mission in Destiny
Final boss music is the regular boss music
Piss fuck quest that takes longer than 2 hours gives you a large piece of shit for a rewardshort ass quests gives you a pizza and a handjobWhy would they make the short quest give the better award?
5End game you can find blue rarety guns that do 17k damage, regularly. And you will through them out because they're just not good enough. For the first two playthroughs whenever you die to a boss its because you fucked up and were in the wrong spot at the wrong timeWhen you fuck up a raid boss its not even instant death. There is like a 2 minute period where shit is spiraling out of control like a fighter plane careening towards the ground and everyone just waits for death. And afterwards there is a fucking strategy mission of what went wrong and what to do better.When I have to invest the same amount of effort in a shooter that I do for a fucking MMO raid its retarded. It's a fucking shooter, not a tactical RPG. I shouldn't be spending the better part of an hour strategizing for a fucking shooter, and then another thirty minutes shooting at the same thing as the group rotates around his patterns. I would be playing WoW or FFXV if I wanted that shit. I should be shooting people in bursts of action.The other option is just outright fucking cheesing raid bosses with SHENANIGANS builds and weapons but even then that shit still takes fucking twenty minutes of shooting at a single target.
Think I'm in the middle of a gameBeat bossEverything in the story gets wrapped up somehowCredits rollRealize it was the final bossBonus points if the boss was some random monster you hadn't seen before
8Final boss music is not as cool as the other boss you fought before
82Recurring midboss has fucking awesome musicYou only hear maybe a minute of it because the fight is piss easy
2StefanI'm so glad a friend told me about this before I got to that chapter. Desert chapters in Fire Emblem are awful altogether. But when you hide a good unit with the best general use weapon in its class on one specific ass tile on the ass end of the map that only comes out with 2 possible units without any previous indication of any of those requirements then you have gone way too far. Its like the Feebas tiles in gen3 pokemon games, fuck that too.
NPC: Hurry protagonist! Go get the medicine from the doctor!Doctor: Oh medicine? Sure! but first youll need to get me a special herb from the witch in the swamp!Witch: I'll tell you where the herbs are if you can find me three glowing frogs. you can get a net from the shopShopkeeper: frog net? That shipment was robbed, you should check the road into town.etc.endless meaningless quest chains. they dont progress plot. you dont feel like youve made any progress
4Fable 1 had the best end boss, and expansion end boss.yfw you have maxed out all of physique, guile max speed, Avo Tear, Archon set, max slow time, maxed berserk  Dragon jack literally had no chance. I think if I remember right I beat him him in less than 45 seconds or minute. All I remember is I used berserk and time slow 2 times and it was over  What you get for killing my mom fucker
8mfw this is the Halls of Stone event.
final section is a nonstop shitfest of enemies that goes completely again the previous pace of the game
1Wind Waker so much
return to home villager after single handedly destroying and evil empire and becoming a renowned hero and talk to people"Hey rookie here are a few tips for a staring adventurer like yourself
ending is essentially TO BE CONTINUED and then a staff roll
1The studio that made the game went under like a month after the game releasedThe IP is floating somewhere in limbo and will likely never get picked up.
am about to fight the world threatening monster/villianam humanity's last hopeneed to stock up on potions before I fight this last guyVendor: that'll be 200 gold:| pic related
8"Cover me while I hack this door!"Character picks up an axe
9Jack of Blades is sick as shit.Lucian is entirely garbage.The Darkness is even worse.I get more angry about it as time goes on.
2Also, you can only get it literally right before the final boss, and only if you've already completed every sidequestAnd there is no New Game+
2At least Rin's Travel Agency had the decency of saying it was to remake a home for the Al Bhed.Thinking about it, are there any shopkeepers as based as O'aka and Rin?
2Dragon Quest Monster 2 did this and was made worse by how good the first game was
8Rin get's called out on his jewery. "I have confidence in your victory."mfw the boss kills me
game sends you on wild goose chase that ends up being pointless
2Vesperia secret missions manAchievement: Secret Mission #This is a hidden achievement. Unlock it to find out more about it!A while before you fought boss there was a cutscene where a flower exploded pollen and knocked someone outsecret mission for his boss fight is to trigger a plant to explode and inflict sleep status on himOk, simple enoughBoss fights on a platform and summons high-dps henchmen to stream into battlesecret mission is to attack and destroy the bridges, cutting off reinforcementsKind of clever, nothing wrong thereSecret mission 17while fighting a late game boss with a barrier that prevents him from flinching or being knocked down you have to stall the fight until he goes berserker mode, then fight him head on, break through his guard so he flinches, land an attack to knock him on his back, then have a specific party member you only fight with 4 and have to manually set him to be in this fight cast a specific spell that the AI never uses to hit him from above and pierce his heartboss dies after the battle and you can never repeat it without having a backup save or restarting the 45 hours it took to get to himYeah that's about where I draw the line.
carrying hand grenades, rocket launcher, plasma rifle, minigun, Abrams tank, cyclonic torpedoes, Death Starcan't get through a locked wooden doorhave to fight through a fuckton of enemies in an awfully designed map to get aroundan NPC opens it from outside once you reach it
5FUCK YOU INTELLIGENT SYSTEMS FUCK YOU GENERAL WHITE FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU UP THE ASS
shit is getting realthink game is about to enter the third acthyped as fuckit ends one mission laterFuck you, Brutal Legend.
enemies that need to be killed at the same time and arent easy to killbattle network 2/3fight the protecos viruseshurr durr we have 600 hp and you have 10 seconds, get to work niggeroh fuck i didnt get the chips for time bomb + this is gonna be badwell i have a barrier thatll stall me for a whilejudgement1k damage, pierces barriers and instakillsEAT SHIT CAPCOM
0Every fucking RE game. Every one of them.
Horror shooterWith your squad"The door's locked, go look for the switch by yourself anon!"Find the switchcome backEveryone's gone
Game gives you a jetpackImmediately get put into an area with an extremely arbitrary height capHave to go through a sewer pipe to get through a wall that by all rights you should be able to fly overSewer water shorts out the jetpack and you lose it 10 minutes after getting it
9Freedom WarsFight this crazy fucking alien robot that was supposed to be death incarnateYou get killed afterwardsYour spirit then goes through the super special door to GodSee all this crazy shitGame constantly alludes that you'll figure out what this shit means soonMeet GodHe's some cryptic hipsterThey say "It's all going to begin right now"You get thrown out and back to your bodyBitchslap everyoneGet a ride on a robot dragonBadguy now friend says "I need to pay you back for the ice cream"THE ENDRepetitive missions with no more actual plot development unlocked
0MMBN3git gud nigga
game has a romance optionyou can't get the hottest character because of wide age gap, interested in someone else or has a sexual preferences requires you to play as a different gender
1I have never touched fable 2 and 3 for those very reasons. Gameplay when fighting feels like I'm running on air clouds and nothing gives a challenge. The only one redeeming thing I liked about it before just being sick of itthe story as well and not playing it was the magic and even then it was a shadow of the 1.
85defeat extremely easy bossget negative experience points
4It was raven btw who you have to seduce yeager . Don't ask me how I remember but that secret was so fucking strange I will always be prepared for that one.Dude don't forget this oneA character very early on in the game dies by a massive bug monster, and the brother of the character wants revenge for you to wipe them all off of vesperia.what they don't tell you is if you killed one of the massive bug monsters before the quest karol will not get the title, and/or I believe wont be able to finish the questI swear fucking Vesperia was autistic as all hell, and a completionaire nightmare. You have to plan out almost everything before hand read guides, discover everything you can before starting up on back the main quest or you will only see in seriousness 1/20 of the game, and 4/20 is main story.
2Playing PvPDying to another player who is ten levels under you causes EXP loss relative to the gap between youLosing multiple levels because a brand new player pelted you with a random shot from across the map after a fight
8Unless you systematically completed every entry in the bestiary, maxed the level on every stat on every character, and explored literally every pixel of mapspace, then you were also "robbed of content."Get over it.
the final level and boss is a huge in-game cutscene you can somewhat control right after you kill some generic mooksit's actually a really badass and well put together endingGuess the game.
27games that let you lose EXP in the first placeI swear this is my only problem with Adventure of Link. Shit doesn't make sense to me. The fuck is happening? You lose your sanity the more you hit/get hit!? Chickenshit bullshit.
2How has no one mentioned this yet?Second act boss takes place in an evil green fucking sandstorm of death, nukes the shit out of playersFinal boss is 10x easier and 1/10th as coolFuck you Diablo 3, for WAY more reasons than this too.
2Playing R&C 2Planet Yeedil, Megacorp HQThat LevelThat environmentthat musicGit gud or DiePerfection for R&CHype as hell now for the Final BossTurns out to be disappointing as fuckmfwHow could something so perfect become so shitty so fast
2"this game is pretty shitty, it'd be nice if there was some story"all of a sudden the characters are actually interesting and likablemotivation, backstory, and actual depth to themmaybe this game is actually going to be decent after allcredits start rollingFF12 is like the worst game ever made.
Huge jump in difficulty in the last level of a gameGame introduces new difficult to pull off mechanic in last level/dungeon You have to successfully execute this move several times to get to the final boss
2What is Tetris?
2LAZY AS FUCK SPRITE ANIMATION.FF6Chrono Trigger
4you can only unlock content in Game by buying Plastic Toy
2final bosssuper easy tactics, easily avoidedsends waves of minonsWhen will the realize that waves of minions does not equal difficulty. I don't need a boss that shits enemies I'm used to beating the piss out of.
4Wrong.I'll give you a hint- it's a pretty good console exclusive first person game with an awful sequel.
6its just a fluffy but largerRYNO II rapes it so hard it dies before it even finishes it's second stageThat end sequence with Quark almost made up for it though.
Customizable outfits that clip through fucking everythingMovement animation doesn't match actual speed at allAttack animations with heavy weapons that lack any weight to themItems that revive with 1 HP
7Important, plot centric NPCrecolor of a regular NPC
1Resistance?
4YOU RAAAAAAANG?
your strongest weapon is dropped by a random enemy near the end of the gamehe will always run away unless you steal a certain item from himeven if you kill him he has one of the lowest drop rates of any enemy in the gameYou didn't pussy out and head to the fairies did you?
4No.Final very obvious clue:They killed your girlfriend right in front of you and you couldn't stop them.
3beating the game on hard mode unlocks easy mode
7playing through tactics ogre LUCTend up in hanging gardens, no going back now faggotonly have 3 of the most basic revival item which revives for 15% HPnothing but low HP wizards and archers"REVIVE THAT FUCKING WIZARD DO IT!!!"revivedfucking dickhead shoots him across the map, wasting my itemhe dies in a tight walkway that plugs up my movement for the rest of the battleWas my fault in the end but fuck that shit.
4What is every fucking Tag Force game?you want to unlock this character?you want these exclusive cards?gotta own all the other games!Now this wouldn't be a major issue if you're already a fan, but you had to unlock this shit through UMD recognition, and everyone knows how fucking slow those discs are. It's why most people prefer to download ISOs instead.
collect/shoot/talk to/look at x amount of rare item in gamereward is shit and it wasn't worth the time and effort you put into it without looking at a guide
"You ever hear the legend about the sword of big dick and bitches?""No? Never mind then, it's a story they tell to children anyway"The legend is trueAnd 40 ft from the town gate
cool-ass gunonly available in the last 2 levelsalmost no ammo for it anyway
8they never finish hacking the door/computer/console until you kill every enemy in the room
0Ultimate final weapon can only be obtained after a point of no return int he final dungeonno new game+ or post game content so you can only use it there
0You rang?
By the time you get the ultimate weapon, you can annihilate the final boss with easeCan't transfer weapons to new game+OR EVEN FUCKING BETTERRPG has no New game+ or post game content
3excalibur 2?
7The Darkness is one of the best 7th gen games.
6CoP lets you make ammo for it
characters can leave your partygame doesn't tell youwhen they leave they take their equipmentif they come back they have different equipment that is worse than what you gave themfuck you shadow, i dont care how dank your dog is
1I like how the gauss rifle was even part of the story itself. Shooters need more "fuck you" weapons like Doom's Big Fucking Gun or the Redeemer in Unreal Tournament.
3Sword is worse than the one you just bought from a shop in town.
1RPG has NG+Every thing carries overNo higher difficulty so game is now a cake walk.
2Buy a weapon in townFind the exact same weapon for free in a chest in the next areaFuck you too game.
9Fucking Neptunia, and that's on top of the fact that the games are piss easy anyway. I don't see the appeal beyond the cute anime girls.
4is neptunia still even about console wars?I remember reading about it when the first one came out and I wos sold on the premise alone, it sounded hilarious but when I actually saw it my interest in it turned 360 degrees and walked away
2thanks for preording our game, deluxe weapon set unlocked!thanks for preordering our game at X retailer, deluxe armor set unlocked!thanks for buying our game! deluxe ability set unlocked!thanks for registering your email, deluxe stat upgrades unlocked!proceed to one hit everything for the first quarter of the game
4It's all about the memes now.
4console warson steam
3fuck you agarest, i didnt want this end game equipment.i mean, i didnt use it, but still
4The regular fights are disgustingly easy but the bosses are spongey as fuck. It doesn't help that the later fights lock down your items and skills until you can kill those drones.
get gameseems okay gameplay wiseit's time to advance the plot2 HOURS OF UNSKIPPABLE, BORING CUTSCENES
52 HOURS OF UNSKIPPABLE, BORING CUTSCENESCutscenes start right as you need to take a pissAttempting to skip the curscene skips it costing you vital infoNo way to see the cutscene again unless you load your last save and start over
This is something you'll only ever see in old PS1 games and shitty JRPGs butgame features low budget voice acting during cutscenes/battlesno option to turn voices offFuck I just had to go through that shit too while trying to replay Grandia.
villain does the equivalent of spitting on your dead mother, then mocks you for it constantlynever gets her comeuppancePiss off Risky. Shantae should've killed your ass.
RPG has a special side questit disappears if you take too long to get to that point in the game
Game has cutscenes you can't skip on your first playthroughReplay the gameThe cutscenes can't actually be skipped at all
8I'm looking at you, TTYD.
8game changes the ending if you take too long to beat it
Game has awesome local splitscreen multiplayer on ConsolePC version doesn't have splitscreenI think Black Ops 2 did this, and I think Terraria too.
8Resident Evil 4
Tutorial / handholding.I'm not a retard, I don't need you to display an hour of dialogue before you let me play the fucking game.
0Im sick of it also.Jesus Christ cant you just throw me into the game and let me figure it out on my own.This is the reason I hate to play modern games,tutorials are half of the game.
ITT: Talk me out of buying LEGO WorldsOr into, if you want
those jaggies and glitched textures that don't fully wrap around the model
6Well why are you interested in buying it?
7Beacuse it's the kind of game I know I would have a lot of fun in and I want to recreate lego islandThe only thing making me hesitant is I'm trying to be jewish with my money at the moment and only spending money when I need toBut I'm going to get this game inevitably at some point and it is cheaper while in early access, so I'm pretty close to just getting it right now
hatred comes outno optimizationno contentboring after 20 minutes/v/ hates itthis Lego game comes outno optimizationno contentboring after 20 minutes/v/ loves it
5Beacuse it's the kind of game I know I would have a lot of fun in and I want to recreate lego islandI see. How many other games of this genre have you played? Did you have fun whilst playing them? For how long did you play these games?
1Hatred is a finished game
6Everything looks blocky.
1The developers already stated thatit will get optimized in a week or two from now for AMD usersit will get full modding support right after thatI say that sounds better than a minecraft clone.
Can you go spelunking in Lego Worlds?
6the ui is fucking atrocious, pirate it first and if you can actually stand it buy into it now but you should just wait for multiplayer to get added or wait for summer sale to start at least
6I pirated it and it controls like shit
1I doubt many people worry too much about performance anyway. It really doesn't sound better. People aren't going to add a lot of content to Hatred, some models and that's it. Lego Worlds is just way better done, has more potential, is being developed by a well known studio and funded by a big publisher
6Just minecraft and terraria. Enough to let me see the potential Worlds has once it starts getting more content, mod support and online which are all promised and TT are competent enough to not abandon the game like other early access things7But is what you're calling 'shit' any different to the other lego games?
4I doubt many people worry too much about performanceHatred currently runs at around 15 fps on AMD cards, and I'd say many people have those. The optimization will be very welcome.People aren't going to add a lot of content to HatredThere's already a group of modders working on adding weapons, levels, executions, and vehicles.
99% of /v/ is testing out their 980ti cards, how do you feel about it?
Poor
82015Still buying 28nm cardsPls tell me you guys don't actually do this?
8my what?
8for some reason I can only get 2gb out of mine
I don't give a fuck. There isn't even one SINGLE PC game that is good that requires the 980Ti's power. PC hardware faggotry is just e-peen circlejerking.
8Is it even worth to buy a 6GB card? 4GB should be enough right?
8blasting your wallet for W3Back to /biz/
I don't feel anymore.
7Nah man you gotta get them FRAMES!!!!!!!!!!!!especially with developers being so goddam lazy with their codelooking at you CoD:AW you don't deserve nearly the amount of vram you take
8Indifferent for the most part. I'm gonna be building a whole new rig here in a few months, I'm just keeping a casual eye on on the 980ti to see if any issues crop up with it. Don't wanna end up picking one up and ending up with something similar to the 970 3.5 fiasco.
mfw Developers poorly optimize their games because they're being paid to be lazy by hardware corporations to make the average consumer pay more money to burn their computer alive, short-circuit half the town and bankrupt themTell me now, who's the jew "pc-master race"? We both know this is all shilling to make us upgrade when developers ON PURPOSE optimize like shit, why else do you think they'd stop trying even though they used to give a fuck 20 years ago?
8But I already have a 980 why would I need a 980ti?I can max out literally every game with a stable 60fps. Fuck I even get stable 60fps with downsampling
9Seriously. I'm still running on a 525 M.
I finally made it into the 1% I've been hearing so much about I guess.
1Do you just play minecraft at 30 fps all day?
5he fell for the shillingIf you cared about the pc gaming community you would not support poor optimization, fuck you anon
899%This is a joke right?
I have 3x 4GB R9 290s, I'm enjoying my games at 4k while using more power than Africa does in a month.
not still using superior 780 overclocked all the way into house fire levels and getting autistic good frames that even beat the 980ti since 2013
899% of /v/ can barely afford to buy full priced vidya, let alone a new top line graphics card. It'd be more accurate to say 4-5%.
1getting autistic good frames that even beat the 980ti since 2013
8I'm fine, just waiting for 970s to drop in price so I can pick up a second card for SLI.
6spotted the kid that never overlocks and has a heart attack when the card reaches 60cIts faggots like you that keep buying new shit monthly without getting the most out of them just because THE OTHER NEW MODEL IS A HIGHER NUMBER IN THE MODEL NAME
0nope, it's just that you don't fit in, fucking LOSER
4spotted the kid that never overlocks and has a heart attack when the card reaches 60cimplyingAt least I don't lie on the internet
2bought a 970 with 4GBkek
2 the memecard, oh I get it now
5This, I'll keep using my 280x until the die shrink.
8I'm playing xenoblade chronicles for the first time, loving it, and laughing at all the pc fags that spend thousands to play console games at a higher fps.
4I'm laughing at the fact you are so poor you only own 1 game and and it's for a outdated handheld that devs won't support.
1This, to a degreethe only hardware intensive games on PC I play are maybe Dork Souls 2 or Robot Roller Derby Disco Dodgeball, and even those aren't very intensivenot saying AAA games are absolute garbage, but many, many, MANY of them are simply mediocre
4tfw i've actually spent less money total over 3 years compared to my console fag friend, with a new PS4/brand new high end PC factored inI've actually bought more games
6Are you implying Minecraft needs a good graphics card? Holy mother fucking christ. Oh god help me if you are real.
1I feel this pretty hard, I own a beast computer, one I won't need to replace parts for a long time to come *I'd say at least 5 years at the rate of current stuff being released*And honestly despite owning a lot of games, none really hold me over for that long.
I feel like a poorfag because I'm still using an old ass 7870 that I bought in 2012On the bright side, AMD are rebranding this card Pitcairn for the second time this year as the R7 370, so it'll get driver updates for a long time to come.
6I meant if you think new computer hardware is a meme what games do you even play? A better GPU will give you more frames and more frames is always better
2rebrandingTaken with a grain of salt. The updates they are doing to the actual hardware is supposed to put out a 20% improvement over the last rebrand of it.
If you play at 1440p and 120 frames per second the demands are real.
1the witcher 3
1You could probably cook eggs inside your case.
3There's a RUMOR that they're migrating it to GloFo's process, but even then it'll still be the exact same chip, it'll just run cooler and use less energy.
7pointless to get an expensive card for one game unless you are an "enthusiast" another word for faglord.
2Before I liquid cooled the system I could. Top card sat at 95c, middle card at 85c and the bottom card at 75c.But now I'm sitting at a solid 45c under load and idle around 30c. Liquid cooling also allowed about 20% improvement on each card for overclocking.
I have a 970 on the way.What's so big a deal about the whole 3.5 thing?
8me, my 770, and 6.5" dick are ready
8I feel like my 780 still has plenty of life in it. I'll probably be able to max Fallout 4 with it.
4970's SMM topology means it can't address it's final 512MB of VRAM at full speed.It won't affect you unless you're using more than 3,500MB of memory.
1GTA V, Shadow of Mordor, and Witcher
4Advertised as 4GB but shits itself as soon as it tries to tap that last .5So basically you have to make sure you aren't playing a game maxed out.
4outdated handheldplaying it on Wii
8id rather honestly save up my shekels to spend on a really nice DSLR camera so I can make movies with my friend.Games are too dead to justify spending that much on a stupid v-card. I would rather play older games that can run on toasters
I'll be laughing at them for spending $500 for nothing but bragging rights on r/pcmasterrace.
7wiieven fucking worse.
0That place is literal cancer. People with shitty equipment telling other people how great their shitty PC is.
2trend micro icon in the taskbar gets me everytime
Should i get a 780TI or a 980 i have the money
8Why bother upgrading your hardware every year? Almost all games are targeted towards consoles with a PC port, and console hardware only improves with the new generation. Just stick with what you have until technology actually advances enough to justify a new purchase instead of shilling out right into the hands of hardware companies. I'm positive that tons of the 'pc master race' shit is viral marketing by GPU jews.
7970/290 can max it with no hairworks at 1080p/60fpsIts not that intensive, when the witcher 2 was released high end cards like 6970/580 could barely get 30fps on max no ubersampling
6980It's more "future proof".I'm just kidding with that, get the 980 though, Nvidia has been gimping the 7xx series owners with drivers lately.
1xenoblade chronicleson the wii with a pro controllerbadYou've never played xenoblade, have you anon?
4I don't play bad games anon.And Nintendo products are generally bad games.
8tfw 7870 will handle anything forever and people still buy new cardspretty much
9it's not about the hardware in your computer, but the software in your heart xD
1As someone who upgraded from a 7870 XT to an R9 280x, it's less about handling and more about maxing.My 7870 was great, could handle everything I threw at it well, but it wasn't amazing.
9970/290 can max it with no hairworks at 1080p/60fpsI've got a 770 and i can't get 60fps at a High/ultra mix
37930 to 7970Nigga, what are you doing?
1That shit right there bugs the fuck out of me."It doesn't matter what hardware you have, as long as you say that PC is superior" Nigga that isn't how this works.
2I upgraded so I could give my 7870 to my sister.
9I went to r/pcmasterrace once and noped right the fuck out of there immediately.It's basically 9gag: the subreddit
9Are you running the newest Nvidia drivers?Last 2 updates they have purposely lowered the capabilities of the 7xx series to try and boost 9xx series sales.No bullshit either, all over the Nvidia forums.
9770 is quite a bit slower than 970/290Like 50% slower
0No, I was getting random crashes so I am using the one before the first witcher 3 game ready driver.
37950 to 980 to 980ti step upfeels good man
1I'm getting a lot less than 60fps, like half.
3lotta money for a few extra frames on games i wont be playingi think people like you are falling for AMDs moneytrap
8Muh nigga
6see5
8statistically I'm one of them.
2kind of goes with the 50% slower idea
1Like 50% slowerUwotm8?
2do you have physx on your gpu?
Buy 290xAll I do is play Dota2 everydayI am actually pretty fucking good at dota2But my old 560Ti could max it anyway
550% slower and 50% faster are not the same thing.lrn2math
4Its faggots like you that keep buying new shit monthly without getting the most out of them just because you aren't poorftfy
2
899%/v/ playing video gamesThanks for the laugh anon
2it's usually around 1.3-1.4 times greater than the 770.50% is a not totally over the top rough estimate.770 fag here
899%Good one
8
"99% of /v/"interesting guesstimate there
Since every thread dies when I make a post:Question: say I plan on sticking with a 1080p monitor maybe 144khz or whatever, could I get a 980ti knowing that I'll never have to upgrade?I know tech is always getting better, but 1080 is the prefect res, and every thing now is being specced for 4k gaming.I want to play Skyrim with 4k texture mods and not have it lag like a motherfucker.
4If you're at 1080p and don't go above 3.5GB, nothing.12There's more to it than that.970 is effectively a 3GB card with 1GB of additional segmented memory. It allows you to leeway of dipping over 3GB with enough juice to view, but no render, with the total 4GB.It was NEVER marketed as 4K card. Nvidia misled manufacturers with the wrong specs, who misled consumers with false advertisement.Rather than doing extensive testing for themselves, manufacturers sold the cards to consumers anyway, some of them having the last 1GB with defective RAM.Most importantly 4GB =/= 4K. You want 8GB for 4K gaming.
2Nigga you'll always have to upgrade, only difference is that the 980ti will last you 5-8 years depending on how shit the next gen system isa 970 could probably run skyrim with 4k textures
176samefagging stealthly, not even once
2ok but no one was talking about 50% faster
6ImplyingAnon pls it's too early in the morning
You never "have" to upgrade. If you have a desire to now, you will in the future. Limiting yourself to 1080p will give it some extra mileage but there will be games the 980ti cant max out in under 2 years, and then will come the games you have to seriously dial down the settings.You're better off getting something cheaper and upgrading semi regularly if obsolescence is going to be a problem for you.How good is the titan looking now?
Getting a 970 soon, which version of the EVGA cards? There are like 5 to choose fromWould prefer a 980 but with those extra funds I could get an actual 1080p monitor and SSD so I figuered it'd be the better choice.
2You're right, i misread the original guy.He was talking out his ass.Sorry for doubting your math
4if I close the tab and get back in the thread I get the same result as your pic, that was a proof maybe in 2007, kek
4/soc/twitterfacebooklaptopAll is right with the world.Nothing but a /v/irgin being a /v/irgin.
4pls respond
tfw 750tiOn one hand, my monitor is a relatively small piece of shit so I can't run at 1080p anyway, meaning lots of stuff still runs smoothly. On the other hand, my monitor is a relatively small piece of shit.
28th gen games are not affected by resolution for some reason, at least up to 1080p, things might be different above that, but under the 1080p line it doesn't change anything
Spends $600 on gpu....uses it to browse 4chan.
8Only 1% on /v/ can actually buy such cards.
9gotta increase that shitposting proficiency man, para lel computing™ is the only way to go.
980 ti is already out in Canadano price drops in sight for 700 and other 900 series cardsFuck you too Nvidia fucking shits.
8Indifferent. My 295x2 is still better and cost less.
9Which in itself is amazing when you think about it.
8who's to stop them from gimping maxwell drivers when pascal comes out in a year. I should've waited on AMD's 3xx series to see how they fair.Well at least the 980 doesn't have crippled "meme"ory™ so its not as easy to run to the ground with driver support neglect.
0That's the one that sucks about Nvidia, They can get away with it because they own 70%+ of the market.Idiots buy hem because people won't listen to AMD owners.
4If you do not intend to replace the card for like 3 years or moreDON'TFUCKINGDO ITIt will render itself obsolete soon, especially when it becomes a used whore and nvidia gives it the Kepler treatment. Be warnedSince you can't afford the 980 with SSD and monitor then grab a 290X with decent aftermarket cooler like sapphire's if your PSU can handle it.
1all it would take for AMD to win over nvidia purchasers is to make a commitment to game drivers. it doesn't sound fun to me buying cards from a company with a history of releasing dual card configuration profiles late and in most cases, releasing no performance drivers at all when new games come out.i like my cards to work well in every game release not 3 out of 5.
7Yea, but most of the time the "drivers" nvidia releases don't actually improve performance. Hell majority of the time it either lowers performance or fries the damn card it's for.
7
899% That is one fucking big statistic. I call bullshit.
Is it worth getting it for 60 fps with Oculus? I don't want to puke
8I assume people are pulling a tongue in cheek when making such bizarre claims
0wait for VR to come out nigga then see some benchmarks on the hardware itself.Or at the very least wait for AMD's 3XX and see how it fairs vs nvidia's lineup if someone runs benchmarks on the DK2
0by the time oculus comes out quantum GPUs will be on sale
0You need 90 fps for Oculus' and Valve's HMD
HBM WHENGRAPHENE WHEN
I just ordered a 960, because that's the only one I can afford. It's still better than the Radeon HD 6670 that I'm currently using, though.
9i game on integrated graphicsso i feel poor too
8buy GTX 980Tionly play Dwarf Fortress
7well with asynchronous time warp you'd probably be able to get away with 60fps and fit in additional frames in between to ramp it up to 90fps.Though all its doing is just taking last render and head position, applying some sort of image transformation and dumping it on the screen until the next frame is rendered so you do not get any new objects or details in the scene until a new render is completed.I don't know if you could spot any defects like missing detail/objects that haven't been rendered yet within such a short time frame granted your PC is rendering the game at a stable 60fps.If you dip too low in frame rate you'd start to notice jarring and issues with the image such as missing detail.
9970/290 can max it with no hairworks at 1080p/60fpsNo you literally can'tclass="quote"Witcher 3not even fully maxed no HBAO+970 and 290x average 47-55 fpsnever even touch 60The game is optimized like shit. Even my 980 regularly dips below 60fps fully maxed out no hairworks.Have to turn shadows to high and foliage to high if I want to constantly stay above 60fps. The game can't be helped, I average 80-100+ fps in the forest/smaller cities but the minute I hit Novigrad I can dip to 55fps easily.
3HBM in a weekGraphene in 3-4 years when Intel moves past 10nm
5Blame consoles for shitty optimization.
tfw only upgraded to 660 last yearonly upgraded because 460 broke after 5 years
8must be great having your parents pay for everything kid
7Graphene sounds like the next logical increment, that is until they can get the defect rate down to an acceptable level.I'd probably skip on the first generation of graphene chips until they've sorted out all the issues in their manufacturing process. The early adopters will likely be the guinea pigs. It'll probably come out on some niche high end CPU first.Man I hope they can reach some insane clock speeds on graphene. Kinda sad we haven't broken the 10GHz barrier by now, instead we keep slapping more cores which no games fully utilize to begin with. it's always one big thread and a few small fries so your cores will be parked most of the damn time or doing sweet fuck all work while one core does all the number crunching.
8MGSV, DMC4 and Max payne 3 are two of the best optimized games I can remember and both released simultaneously on consoles.I blame CDPR
9660 bro. I upgraded from a 9800GTX+ about two years ago to a 660Ti because it was finally starting to chug on newer games, but it ran perfectly to the end. Still have it boxed up.
old AMD 7850 brokereturned itbuy a 280oh my godohmygodstore calls, telling me that they have my replacement cardreturn the 280 and pick up a 7850I've gone from using a 280 back to a 7850. being meguka is suffering
400 dollars for a PS4Set for almost every good game for the next 5 years minimum
8You don't even know what optimization is if you're blaming consoles for a lack of it, you fucking moron.
7HBM in a weekLike, announced or released? If released, sauce?
8paul bloptimizationmall optimization
1No seriously, this.
4tfw 980have a whole 20+ years worth of games I can max out with ease to playam set for double the length the PS4 existstfw pirate every game and be set for free gayman for yearsGit gud
4not mall coptimization YOU HAD ONE JOB.ONE JOB.
4PS4$400where do the games come from?PS4good gameskekPS4gamesKEKPS45 yearsdon't pretend that you know better than us, who knows what will happen in 5 yearsyour post is baitand I fell for itoh no, my imaginary internet reputation
4shame about the chin
anno domini 2011+4still using a 7850 OC I got for cheap Its bretty gud. I just upgraded everything else in my rig so itll be a while before I get around the the card. Its served me well, though.
1true master race
1fuck me you,re so rightim sorry
87870 here and I have no reason to upgrade when I can run every game at high/ultra settings 40fps. fps is less intensive and any of those I easily max out at 60fps. The only thing that will force me to upgrade is growing vram requirements, but with games like wild hunt still never exceeding 2gb with high textures I'm not in dire need or anything
7Just like you didnt need more than 2gb a year ago. I got a gtx770 last year I needed a GPU couldn't wait for 900 series now I'm gonna be looking for a new card for n the next 12 months
5You forgot to mention the FREE games and FREE online play they get for $60 a year.
5the second use of fps I was referring to first person shooters, open world rpgs and sandbox games I play fine at 30-40fps with better visuals than ps4
6Is that a cigarette? Into the trash she goes.
1that is goodI hate it when you fucks do this. It sets it up so you don't even have to bother making legitimate replies and can just postthat game you namedgoodsmiling bald man.jpg
5Ive got a severe bottleneck at my processor. Its a piece of shit, thats why Ive got a bunch of new parts coming. For instance, the 7850 overclocked should be able to run BF3, ultra, 60fps without even breaking a sweat. But, my processor cant handle shit, so it runs like shit.
By playing what? Witcher 3 and GTA V?I wish I could give a fuck about these games.
Probably the most demanding game I will be playing is arma 3, and even then its pretty shit and I don't play it often.Will a 280x be enough for arma on high~ settings?
9Left swipe.
Have i2500Khave GTX67016GB Ramplenty of room for overclocking currently everything at stockstill able to play most games at maxI don't know OP. I feel like I should be upgrading but there is literally no reason. My PC feels like a dinosaur though.
8Still slaving away with my 280x.
1have a whole 20+ years worth of games I can max out with ease to playYou forgot to mention that less than one percent of those are worth playing. Less than one percent of that one percent require anything beyond an Intel integrated GPU to run. Enjoy your 980 though, bro. I bet it makes the mods in Gay Sex Homo Simulator 8 so detailed that your mom thinks you're actually boning someone in your basement dungeon when she catches a glimpse of your screen from around the corner.
2980 isn't bad per se, and you are right mostly about there being very few games that would effectively utilize all the computational power.For the money you'd spend on the 980 and given its rate of depreciation a brand spanking new mid range card every 2 years or more is a much better investment as you are constantly up to date with all the new bells and whistles all the while maintaining a solid bang for buck performance per dollar wise.But fuck me does it feel good going from an HD 6870 on a single 1080 monitor to a 980 G1 on triple monitor. Unless you are uber rich going high end is something you do once in a blue moon if you have the money to splurge and have some games you want to max out to a ridiculous level.
8I see no reason to upgrade until a new game I want comes outThat hasn't happened in quite some time
6Yeah, I do fine with my i5 3570
Only new games I'd like to try are Gta V and Skyrim, call of dutyI'm building from scratch and can't decide between gtx 970 or R9 290x 290 actually has the full 4gb and not 3.5 of vram right? Money is a factor so I'm leaving towards thatAny advice?
980not 970 SLIEnjoying my cheaper solution which provides better framerate, VRAM be damned.
4i heard you lose about 3.5% performance when using 970s in sli.
4You will reach a point where you have to bump settings down otherwise that 0.5GB will throttle down your performance. At lower settings you will maintain a ridiculously high frame rate. You might get some benefit out of it on a high refresh rate 1080 monitor. SLI would be pointless though if you had to bump down settings due to VRAM limitations plus you get all the SLI baggage like titles not being supported or stuttering issues and what have you.If nvidia keeps releasing drivers regularly to throttle VRAM usage to 3.5 or assign low priority tasks to the 0.5GB then your dream could last a little while. But given how they treated Kepler I wouldn't go betting on it.Enjoy your MAC tier planned obsolescence hardware
5AMD's confirmed to announce it at E3They were going to announce it at Computex but the 980ti got in the way of that
caring about graphicsso what. most virtual reality equipment hardly goes beyond 1280xwhatever anything. its like buying a powerful manual car when you can get weaker automatics that perform better. why literally gimp yourself when you could just get better everything else instead of blowing it on a gpu you dont even useall i see is a bunch of faggots holding onto their black and white screens spouting shit like "its clearer, more defined. this color stuff is blurry"
7290 best bang for buck290X neck to neck with 970970 planned obsolescence garbage980 has good performance but costs an arm and legmy advice would be to go for the 290 or 290X whichever fits your budget best, just make sure to get a decent after market cooled version like a triX cooler or a vapourX. If you can afford to splurge get a GTX 980.Don't bother with 970
, 
POST GOD TIER VIDYA OPENINGSHardmode: Must use in game footage. No CGI.
6DDSThis nigga knows what's upI like the Japanese intro too.because of waifu
the best opening to a game I've ever played to date.
Fuck hardmode.MH has great CG openings.

6CoD was actually good.
Borderlands 1 intro was pretty dope.

7People will shitpost GoW all day, but honestly, this.I hate the word, but it really was an epic opening that set up the whole game.
The ace
Vagrant Story
1Both 1 and 2 were pretty good in my opinion, despite the general distaste of the franchise here.I personally like ZOE2's past the first 1 minute or so.
in honor of a new announcement

5"Vile Mechon! If you think the Homs, the people of Bionis, are just waiting here for you to pick us off, you are sorely mistaken!"Gotta love Dunban.
The best intros are those that highlight all the shit you're going to see later in the game
must have watched this video at least once a day leading up to release, this shit alone put my hype through the roofthe companion vid you get after beating the main campaign is way better


6MGS3
I was on gamefaqs' boards since the JP version came out, as soon as the demo hit that place got toxic as fuck.
Best Persona opening coming through



Nier
4MY FUCKING NIGGA

4Makes me want to play Ring of Red again.
How the fuck has this not been mentioned yet
40k games opening are always hype as fuck
62samefag
7I don't even like GoW but this makes me really want to play 3. And I also want to try Ascension too.
Easy choice
4We're too worried about being hipster.
easy
2nah
Halo 2A GOAT

1postan the music video version too cause it's dope
6Gnaw Their Tongues
6Always playing on hard so here you go op.Kane & Lynch 2
1muh niggialso, this one fucking gets me everytime
6Directed by JewJew Abrams.

Does the first W101 mission count as the opening?
6Tekken 2the best



inb4 every mgs opening ever because we already know they're perfect so stop posting it
From Russia With Love. Mostly for the corny lines right before gameplay starts.
been giving me chills ever since I was a kid. Probably one of my favorite openings to vidya.
Fuck off haters, this was the realest shit im the universe.
gonna leave this here
6Take your hard mode and shove it up your ass.
1 I got all endings but 1
and objectively the best
6fugthat was pretty good, never saw that before
fucking love that intro

6No hard mode but this is by far my favorite.
2the best
1i agree
7Wilhelm screamStopped there
6

6
This game was always a bit cheesy but it's still great.GOAT intro: 
Chrono Trigger
no MGS2good.
step aside faggots

always been partial towards this one
5nothing but ocean surrounding two giant fucking titans.
4Say what you will aboot Cross, but the intro was the shit.

STALKER: Shadow of Chernobyl

hard mode

not walking into the dark carrying the light of tomorrow
my favorite
awesome even today
CAN FEEL IT ALL AROUND ME
2Wow, I actually haven't seen that in years.That's a scary feeling.
6dat apocalypse now
, 
What was your reason?
Space. Both K and C are terrible partners.
4Katherine. Catherine a slut.
Katherine. I thought she was hotter.
4buyers remorse.thanks /v/, for the most repetitive game i ever played.what really got me mad was that i thought you recomended it for lewdness, and just a couple of scenes were lewd enough.also the second worst dialogues i have seenprobably bad translation
Catherine.Never fucked any of her victimsLoving, loyal and feminineLoves Vincent for who he is, despite all of his shortcomings
4I couldn't get too far, the game is hard. Also I never owned it.Which one was which?
4Neither!
0Catherine is the blonde one and Katherine is the one with glasses.
4Blonde then, glasses girls are cunts
Space nigger, cause fuck woman and thier problems.
4tfw no route to reject both girls and have a good time with your bros
0That's the "real life" route.
K, but I really didn't care. By halfway through I just picked the obvious K answers. I just wanted to push more blocks. I really want another block-pushing tower climber.
Got true Catherine ending without looking up the answers or how the final questions workedI must be a scumbag.
, 
, 
You do realise master race was invented as satire to mock PC elitists right? Yea PC is better we fucking know it's better graphics and fps and mods n shit we don't care. There is no debate just stop.tfw I can pop in a disc and get an enjoyable couch gaming experience without tinkering and upgrading hardware.tfw red dead redemptiontfw handheld gamingtfw superior controllerNow FUCK OFF.
, 
, 
So wow heroes of the storm fucking sucks.
More Mary Sues kissing.
git gud
3Can be fun, just need to find the character you like
4So wow smashing by scrote with a hammer fucking sucks"git gud"I wish highschool was back in so they could gas all you brats.
6git gud
git gud, if you suck at heroes just don't play mobas because heroes is fucking ez mode
2yeah it's fucking boring. also i hate blizzard's aesthetic. it's the product of middle aged men trying to appeal to shit-eating adolescents.
be blizzardstop caring about your huge, expansive flagship MMOshit on your defining RTS so hard it goes from #1 competitive game in the world to irrelevancymake a sequel to one of the most loved RPGs of all time, fuck up so bad that people swear to never buy from you againcancel your MMO that has been in development for 8 years before it ever sees the light of daymake a p2w mobile cardgamemake a p2w casual version of a casual gamemake a p2w casual shooterLITERALLY dead to me
5stop caring about your huge, expansive flagship MMOI wish they had just stopped caring instead of making one bad well-intentioned shitty decisions after another. They could have just left it at BC, stopped all system development and just churned out content and we'd have a less popular but far more entertaining and respectable MMO. shit on your defining RTS so hard it goes from #1 competitive game in the world to irrelevancyOh please, the rise of more accessible competitive games doomed SC2. It's a fine competitive RTS but it's the right game at the wrong time because no one cares about RTS anymore. Blizzard could have made w/e dream SC2 title you might have in your brain and it would still get mowed down by the 'moba-revolution'. make a sequel to one of the most loved RPGs of all time, fuck up so bad that people swear to never buy from you againTrue, but for every OG diablo fan they lost they got 2 more new ones, D3 is a powerhouse title for blizzard and even with the colossal fuck-up that was the AH its still a huge game. cancel your MMO that has been in development for 8 years before it ever sees the light of day. Blizzard is one of the few companies with the balls to dump a hundred million into a game and then just cancel it because it wasn't shaping up right. I want fucking StarCraft Ghost.
0that last pointlook at the timing of kotick buying out blizz from vivendi and the titan cancellation announcement. Titan was canned because it was more profitable to make overwatch, and no other reason. It was entirely a jewish decision.
8fiscal conspiracykotickjewsugh, come on anon really? I mean fuck we could just blame the position of Saturn and it's relationship to the gemini twins during the final fiscal quarter and have it make as much sense.
6the jewish part was a joke but the kotick blame was 100% serious.He's been very clear on his mercenary attitude towards games. An MMO like titan could have the potential to be a great game, but as a money maker it pales in comparison to a game like League or what overwatch is likekly to be.
SPACE!
LET'S
GET
ironman
DICK
STROKE!no seriously he had a stroke three years ago and he's a shell of his former self now it's really sad
WOOO!
0pls no
70I was having such a nice night too
9true anon ;_;
0I'm going to bed.
0Uggg...life sucks.When did this happen
9GOOD.
0I didn't need this
0:-DAMN SON
0Well my night is ruined
0
5not having every night and day ruined as soon as you wake upnormals egressI'm shitposting to hide the sadness
7those tits
Christ, I ruined a lot of people's nights. But I just found out about this myself. That picture is him coming out to get a lifetime achievement award at the LA Tony awards. Let's remember happier times anons
00
0life is unfair
7He seems to be doing well. It's not like it's Tracy Morgan levels of speech problems.But he seems to have less emotion...
95920951Really, guys? I've known about this since it happened, and I don't even keep up with the news.
5I wonder why there is so many jumpcuts. Really takes you out of the interview so he must have been spacing out or something for them to have so many.
0
0Lost Nemoy alreadyNow were going to lose curryPlease god no.
5He's still an actor and this sort of thing means he... well, *was an actor.
If it's any consolation, Tim Curry's lines as Sheev for the last season of The Clone Wars back in 2013 were recorded AFTER his stroke.He's still more than capable of voicework.
4EEEAEEUURAAGRHHHHHHH
7Christ man.
7oh wojacks back
game has a ''comedic relief'' character
he tries to be funnyhe isn't
game has a "fucking traitorous piece of shit" character
1game has a 'villain'they did nothing wrong
side/companion character was clearly designed for you to like themtheir really just a dick buried under comedic dialogue
Is there a game where i can be proud knight lancer except Dark Souls and nintendo ds games?
5FFT, like your picture shows? All FF games where you can be a dragoon? Tactics Ogre where you can be a valkyrie aka lancer without jump?
0Well art of this games is looking good, but i think more of a one main character game. FFT and TO is party games right?
5Final Fantasy IV?
What are you getting?
My most recent haul:BloodRayneEmpire Earth GoldSam & Max bundle
Psychonauts and Soulbringer. Waiting for whisidsted sales
, 
Oh, that's a nice run you have. Would be a shame if something happened to it.
implying they're dangerousGit gud
ITT: top tier dialog in vidya
The remake has better dialogue, but Alucard's VA sucks
9Alucard's a puss anyway
Any game this fucker has a line in.
3I can't believe I just noticed this...Is Dracula the Colonel? Is he Major Zero? Is he Gally?
3
3Why does Richter has long hair in his portrait and short hair in his sprite?
5What kind of accent is that suppose to be at 0:16? Is that suppose to be Scottish? Because it sounds like its suppose to be Scottish.
Reminder that the localized script for SoTN was done by Jeremy Blaustein, the man who also wrote the localized script for Metal Gear Solid and Silent Hill.
Risk of Rain thread.GET IN HERE FAGGOTS
keep thread alive!
open when?
Nice thread.
People who never had to experience a pc game/rom not working the first time playing it.Their controller runs fine without any drivers to install and the buttons are mapped perfectlyNo sound issuesNo V Sync or graphical glitchesNo lagInternet worksGame doesn't crashI envy and hate you
[x] PRIVILEGE
nvm, fixed it ;
1All these points are true if you are a fucking dumbass
7FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
1The people you are talking about are actually just not paying attention enough to notice problems.
Get gud faggot
1today I played my first PC gameits ok anonkun. One day you will know the ways of the master race and you wont have any of these issues unless its a shitty devs fault
4Please refrain from bumping old threads.[THREAD LOCKED]
Console games are great
4
3Still gotta blow into them sometimes and deal with shitty tv's.Also their impending data corruption over time
People still use Vsync in 2015??? ROFL
23, 144Hz monitorsfeelsgoodman.jpg
post problem on forumguy with anime/pony avatar chimes inalways says something like:"Maybe you shouldn't have pirated your copy" and"Haven't had these problems at all. Maybe you should try not playing it on a toaster"signature is a list of his specs
7every other post is agreeing with him and sucking his dick as hard as they canNo matter how shit this place gets, it will never be as cancerous a forum.
1That guy who just drops anything that doesn't work the first time
7;^} heh... nuthon presonel ked...
4yeah fuck you allen you stupid defeatist faggot
Get dmc3seDoesn't startGet patchControls won't workGet fix10 fps on first bossDelete some sound filesAspect ratio is fuckedGet style-switching+wide screenNow game crashes whenever I press B and switch styles at the same timeGet wide screen mod onlyMission 8 boss will spawn incorrectly and clip through the wall, making it impossible attacking it meleeNah fuck this shit, I'm getting HD collection on console
1playing DMC3 on PCIt is one of the worst port jobs ever. You need mods and to delete a few in-game files to even make it work. You're actually better off just emulating it most of the time or just playing it on console.DMC4 is the polar opposite though, the PC port is probably one of the best ports in existence. I guess it just came from a time where devs actually learned from their mistakes.
4EmulatingAMD m8I really hope they don't shit the bed with DMC4SE, judging by the size and higher requirements on the steam page
8Fewer niggers
6I emulate most PS2 games at 60fps on an FX-6300.
4What games, what setup, is it over clocked?I've only been able to run persona 4 well, sotc and dmc3 run either slow-mo or twice as fast
1friend loves DS2raves on about it"you should buy it anon!"I say know because it's a shitty portHe says it isn't and buys it for me"T-thanks"Run itcontrols are fucked, terrible optimisation, generally unplayable"Oh, it worked fine for me"FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFuck you my generous friend
9So far I've tried Darkwatch, Ace Combat 5, God Hand, and Shadow Tower: AbyssFX-6300 no OCr9 270xPCSX2 has made a lot of optimizations the past year or two
1I always used to have problems like this but most games just seem to work nowadays
7This question was already answered here [link].This thread does not existOr "It worked fine in compatibility mode!"Yeah, if the first thing everyone tries for an old game works for you, there is no reason to post at all faggot.
2Dark souls 1 is a shitty port too
2The dark souls 2 port is actually pretty good, specially considering the first one
2terrible optimisationShit bro, my computer's a lemon and still runs DS games just fine FPS-wiseBut yeah, DS games cannot be played with KBM, it's fucked.
6Please post emulator settingsDidn't know ace combat games were now playable
9is there more of this? I swear this must be the same artist as pic related
5KBM?
8I switch up settings a lot because a lot of games need different settings. I just search the wiki for the game, and if no info is on there, I check the forums.
1Keyboard and mouseYour masterrace game is weak, fag
1ITT the PPSSPP experience
4abbreviations are lost on me
3shitty portOnly when it's Vanilla
4Nice to hear it at least works nowI have a similar setup, so I must be doing something wrong. Thanks anon.
0Where do I go to make it better?Is there a patch so I can bring the graphics down a bit? I'm getting lag and I assume it's graphics.
8Yeah, just google 'how to build a 2008-tier computer' and you'll be able to run DS just fine
7iktf tbh
8If you're running a potato then I'm really not sure how to help you. If you have good hardware though then use this -links don't work now even with spacesJust go to nexus mods for dark souls and select top mods. Everything you need is thereI fucking hate filters and reCAPTCHA
82cant even run a console gameMaybe you should fuck off and come back when you're old enough to work and buy your own computer
0Thanks bro
6Was the last console you owned a fucking N64?
6Anytime anonSoon, you'll be playing the game that the port should have been.
65Just kidding
5omg that's a real mod
6omg that's a real modYup. It's on the Nexus. I play with it all the time haha
6Mods make this game look like a fucking masterpiece
7
1Their controller runs fine without any drivers to install and the buttons are mapped perfectlyjust dont buy chinese gamepad ripoff and you'll be fine.i bought one for fucking cheap and learn my lesson, fuck them.
1Solution: Give them Linux
0My favorite is when some random jackass starts self-importantly posting "small suggestions" to the fucking developers
I spent almost 10 hours trying to get Jedi Outcast to work when I pirated it off of Kazaa back in 2003.First and best game I ever pirated.
1You must logged in to see hidden text, links or whateverForum has "thanks" button that must clicked to see the contents, you have to be registered to use itfuck those shit
1Their controller runs fine without any drivers to install and the buttons are mapped perfectlyWhat kind of shitty controller are you using that needs drivers
8compatabilitycompatability
making a game and controllers for it run perfectlyIt's become part of the fun for me.
5anything that isn't a 360 controller
5Probably the 360 controller.
8I've never had one and I've never needed drivers for any controller
4PC portThere's no way that kind of quality is a simple port. That game was made for PC.
5what controller do you use?
1he never had to set up his virtual and extended memory manuallyhe never had to install from 5.25" floppieshe never had his video game on audio cassette unspool and become uselesshe never had to try using a hundred different cdrom drivers because the one for his cdrom caused the game to crashhe has always had some kind of internet connectionfuckin noob
4I'd just like to interject for a moment. What you’re referring to as Linux, is in fact, GNU/Linux, or as I’ve recently taken to calling it, GNU plus Linux.
8Games typically don't sell for more than $20Games go on sale a lot on SteamHumble BundleFree indie gamesPirating
7NES, SNES, PS and GC adapters, wired PS3, Microsoft, Gravis, and Logitec.
9Fuck off /g/.
9None of them EVER work incorrectly on any PC games?
1Allow me to interject here. What you refer to as /g/ is actually or as I've recently taken to calling it, /g/
what's your favourite Rhythm Heaven minigame?else is going to be importing on the 11th?
4I'm just going to wait for a localization announcement, but f nothing comes out of that, then importing it is.
wait for the game to be released, then I may buy digital. It's one of those games I wouldn't like to leave behind if I'm bringing another cart.
4I made a list of my favorite mini-games. Hope Mike likes it.
4Rockers:class="quote" 1 has better music but 2 has DAT guitar riffing with LShoot'em up 2:monk 2:paced but still manageable rhythmSpace Dance:class="quote" Pu-Pu-PUNCH!Bon Odori 2:
4 and 4 already said my two favorite minigames so I'll just post another.Bam Bam Bam
Not my number 1, but Moai Doo-Wop 2 is one of my favourites.mfw seeing everyone bitch about it in threads
Dancing stage max
4The most unresponsive game I played in all three Rhythm Heavens. I managed to do Rhythm Rally 2 and Remix 8 perfect with some difficulty, but it took hours and hours to be able to do it for Maoi Doowop 2, and the first one for that matter.1I liked Space Dance 2 more.
2Wait, actually I retract that.Love Rap was worse than Maoi Doowop, so it's not the worst. Still shitty.
4I always loved this song and minigame.According to Remix 10, so did the developers.

2The most unresponsive game I played in all three Rhythm Heavens.I just...don't have that problem with it? I perfect it almost every time I play it.Couldn't get Rhythm Rally 2 but that's mainly because it's so fast and long I'd always fuck up somewhere.
0Love Rapnot getting with the hip hop grooveblaming the gameok
4remix tengreat, now I gotta go fap
5I was waiting for this
9Are you seriously defending "fo sho'," anon?
8Not him, but I've got the Yuropoor version which has dual-audio so I never had this problem.
8You're calling it unresponsive and it's not, it obviously has a different rhythm than other songs and when you're with it it's as easy as any other.Also I do have no problem with its localization either if that's what you're secretly actually complaining about.
one *slap*one *slap*one *slap*one *slap*three *slap slap slap*two two *slap slap*
absolute best endless game
crackHUEHUEHUEHUE
GBASpace DanceDSLove LabWiiAir RallyThese are my favorite simply because of the songs that play during the game. So great.
2I hope the 3DS one has a Love Lab 2
1Not my favorite game, but my favorite visual gagsPlus when she gets frustrated and throws her hat it's really cute
2Love LabThat song is one of the most catchy ones, fo sho.can whistle along.
9I know its game audio, but I miss the "shickaschikapop" you get when you shake the bottles.
7That's the problem with ALL the songs. Removing the sounds lessens them somewhat.shickashicka... shickashickaPOPshickashicka... shickashickaPOP
What the hell, new Rhythm Tengogu and I somehow wasn't aware of this??
BREAKC'MONOOH
Glass Tappers
8That shit was fun, deserved to be a normal song IMO
Is there a plce where I can download the OST's?

6read titleInstant flashbacks to fucking that fucking Ping Pong.OH GOD, IT'S HAPPENING AGAIN.
8At least Remix 8 was doable and fun.Remix 9 is a nightmare because you have to rely on audio cues for the soccer bits.Plus it has a bunch of Moai Doowop.
8 qt girl is replaced by some ctulhu monstrocity some time into the song
4and I didn't copy the link.
One! One! One! One! THREE! T-Two!
86Oh man, remix 8 caught me completely off guard the first time. The speed just kept picking up and i basically just said "fuck it" and couldnt stop laughing at how helpless i was. Pretty funny when i look back on it.
class="quote" Drummer's DuelHow
5at the very least it didn't try to catch you off guard with anything, it just kept with the same rhythm but kept picking up1excuse me it'sONE GOBBLE ONE GOBBLE ONE GOBBLE ONE GOBBLE THREE GOBBLE GOBBLE GOBB T-TWO GO-GOBB
tfw there was no DJ School 2BREAK C'MON OOHSCRATCH-O HEY
Can I get agreement that this is the most unforgiving fucking minigame ever
I know that it's super easy, but I love it all the same.
8REA-DY, ANDBAM BOM BAM BOM BAM BOM BAM BOM BAM BOM BAM BOM BAM BOM BAM BOM BAM BOM BAM BOM BAM BOM BAM BOM BAM BOM BAM BOM BAM BOM BAM BOM BAM BOM BAM BOM BAM BOM BAM BOM BAM BOM BAM BOM BAM BOM BAM BOM BAM BOM BAM BOM BAM BOM BAM BOM
98
RAH RAH SIS BOO BAH BOOM 
8Monkey Clock is the most unforgiving minigame
8I could never perfect this one because I never figured out how you were supposed to know when she was going to go "tap, tap, tap", "tap, tap-tap", or tap, tap... tap"Was there a queue or something that I was missing?
6Why are they all so perfect? How is it even possible?
6is BA BUM BUM BUM more hilarious in english or japanese
8you want unforgiving, motherfucker?
4way too many good ones to choose from. This is the game I always went back to whenever I had to calm down from trying to perfect shit like working dough, and shrimp shuffle. And in DS my calm down game was DJ School but that was already posted.
ITT: Things that are true. I'll start with an obvious one.WubadubadubIt sounds so weird without the reporter
9WAN TU TREE FOR
5Forgot link 

Rhythm Heaven threads are the only good threads left on /v/
4The tune is my ringtonetoo bad no one ever calls ;_;4Tune is GOAT minigame itself is sack.

tfw The Best+ will end up being a download only everywhere but Japantfw I can't forcibly give the game onto my friends to let them get into the GOAT rhythm game
9INTO YOU
4For some reason, I dig everything with sport in it.
6Fucking Spaceball is god-tier
1DAISUKI
Flock Step was a great successor to Lock Stepwhen it zooms away from the bird and out of his eye
6Why are all the sports games in space?
2why aren't all real sports in space right now?
4Fuck this one in particular.
91Best Rhythm Heaven girl by far.
Why hasn't the new game broken street date yet? I wanna see Remix 10.
9Not him but personally I had no problem getting any concept throughout the entire game EXCEPT FOR Do-Wop and that Fo' Sho. Each one took me multiple attempts to even get through on practice, and Love Rap 2 is still one of the last 3 medals I haven't gotten on Fever. When a significant portion of the playerbase calls foul on select parts, maybe assume that you're somehow special and that something is fucked up instead of defending it?
9Remix 10You have to shove 100 minigames into 5 minutesI'm scared yet aroused
did someone say rhythm games
3The BOM-bom-BOM-bom etc had the same rhythm as tap tap TAP, so you just had to recognize if you were switching while you were doing it by what she said. It was a difficult one, definitely.
11Final remixes are honestly the most boring because they don't use a unique song really. It just attaches bits of each minigame next to each other with their own songs.
1-8 remakes it
0I thought all the remixes in the first game were kinda lame except the tropical one and the vocal ones.
0It just attaches bits of each minigame next to each other with their own songsWhat.That's the fucking best part.Hearing a melody of every song in the game, strung together near-seamlessly.It's the best kind of finale, requiring you to use every piece of rhythm you learned in the game.Stop having shit opinions.
5I'm just saying that there's no real theme to it. That's it.Remixes had their own songs, mixed around the mechanics a bit and changed the visual themes around but Remix 10's didn't.
9And also by that definition it's not a remix. Just a demo arrangement.
9You have a very special type of autism. I genuinely feel sorry for you.
9You mean because it's supposed to be a compilation of all the minigames in one?I suppose your idea is for completely new songs for each minigame? What the fuck, man. Proofread your posts.
2because I like my remixes to be actual remixes and not just every mini game taped back to back6Remixes always used songs different from the base minigames.
9But how does that make it boring? It draws from every single song in the game to create a unique melody of its own. I bet you're one of those faggots who hates boss rushes.
7unique melodybut it wasn't.
4
0Yes, because they're a mix-up.If the Remix 10 had none of the original songs, it would be nigh impossible to get a perfect on it, you complete and utter twit. They're the same so you recognize them and prepare you to hit it.Why do I have to explain this? I'm not even the guy you were speaking to.
6by your logic remixes 1-9 are impossible to get a perfect on because they don't use the original song
5They also don't go for 3 and a half minutes
7Yes, it was. CompareRemix 10 in game 10 using the original instruments different. Remix 10 arranges them so the songs all flow together using similar instrumentation, but it doesn't directly copy+paste the songs. Learn 2 rhythm, faggot.
perfected all 3 games physical copiesTime to do all of it, all over again
I was always a bigger fan of seeing other people make their own custom spins on RH games. Yes, even the MLP ones
2The Terraria remix already fails because it's not the wrestler in different clothing.Fuck that and fuck whoever made it.
You guess it, OP; it's Lockstep. Runners up are Rockers, Munchy Monk DS, and Karate Man.I don't have any Rhythm Heaven reaction images, so Elite Beat Agents is going to have to do.
2That was literal autism. There's no joke here. Just unfortunate individuals with access to media making tools.
9everything creative is autismwith that said it is triggering me for not being funny or accurate 0
bump
4version coming , also Blue birds.
4Not relying on audio cuesIn Rhythm fucking HeavenYou reap what you sow.
2KICK PUNCH
Hey /v/, I just bought a refurbished SP with this game. It's a collectors edition with a little poster and everything. How is this game? Also, GBA thread.
7It starts out a little slow as the game explains the world you're inBut then it straight away gets fucking ridiculousEvery new summon is OP and amazing to look at. As well as some pretty good battle music to go along with the fightsLook up an IGN spoiler free guide so you don't miss any djinn's and get every summon attack
It's good, the second one is bigger and better though.
, 
I've been replaying Chroma Squad recently, is it me or does customization seem really limited? I can't find any legendary gear beyond the craftable armor, helmet which is completely useless and the pistol. That said, i've enjoyed it quite abit. Whats the opinion of anyone else here who's played it?
7It's okay, I'm near the end but just can't be assed to finish it
1the final level is pretty rad
2I'll finish it. At some point. I just beat that stupid piece of shit Colin's Bear boss. What the fuck were they thinking
Good concept marred by the team's unfamiliarity with the tone of tokusatsu and a focus on mobile-friendly interface.
Just finished it. It's a nice little game. I was surprised it had different endings, mainly because It don't seem to have replay value.
7does customization seem really limitedIt really is, that said i pirated it, so i'm not sure if they've changed it since
Let's forget about the Fallout 4 and e-celebs bullshit. ITT: Guilty pleasures. That one thing you like that no one must know you like.I'll start my favorite song i don't even know shit about ape escape.
7I find pac man and the ghostly adventures comfySomething about it triggers my nostalgia for the pac man world gamesI don't think it's particularly good, it's clear they have some corporate agenda to fit in healthy eating propoganda and a fart joke quota, but there's just something about it which makes me feel like someone somewhere on the art team put effort into it
7Pretty much 90% of the videogames I play are guilty pleasures according to the average normie.
I like the new SimCity game. Its fun
Yeah no
jrpgs in console while a family member is behind you, especially those with japanese voice intro that you play for the first time
[zalgo]Fuck all you nigger faggots fallout is great[/zalgo]
4This.tfw I had to skip the Resonance of Fate intro because they'd find that shit weirdPretty sure they judge me for liking Kingdom HeartsHave to wait to finish the Anartica world until I'm home aloneThis is why I'll probably by most JRPG/Japanese games on Vita now.
0That Kingdom Hearts intro with the j-pop or something made me sweat of nerves because my mother was behind me in the laptop
/v/ let's help eachother with our backlogs!
What's his problem?
4He's a literal cuck.
4He is just trying to eat a fish but it keeps falling off his plate.
4Psychosis coupled with sadistic tendencies.
4autism.
His name is not important, what's important is what he's going to do.That name part is true though, Mori said that Terumi isn't his real name either.
He is intelligent, nihilistic, and has a wicked sense of humor.
What kind of fucking hat is that?
4WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?
9believing any of Mori's lies
9A fedora.In the 23rd century.
4he had a fun day out bullying children
What, indeed. He bullied my beloved Makoto.
9Do you have a source?Hazama who is actually Terumi who is actually not Terumi.
2Hazama is an aliasTerumi is a ghost like entity after losing his original bodyBody had its own identity til it fused with Terumi.
I have associated every single important friend in my life with a BlazBlue characterexcept Hazama. i dont know who hazama is. maybe thats for the better.
What's her problem?
0/v/ is the Hazama.
4that toned tummy
7Wanting the Bloodedge dick.
0are you that autist who literally cosplays jin everytime you play blazblue
4Wtf is that shit super glued to her nips?
4literally copslaysAs opposed to metaphorically cosplays?I hope you jackasses realize how retarded you sound one day.
4yes
7Womanchild and over protective big sister who refuses to let her experience the world.
7You got a problem with perfection?
Whats her disability?
4I forgot where I found this in the convoluted plot, but I think it was implied somewhere that he got fed up with the whole time shenanigans with the new world, and just wants to end it all.
4I'm not usually into big tits but Makoto get's my dick diamonds.0Inflated ego and is a sociopath.
0autism
4He's stuck in a bad game instead of Guilty Gear.
5Her ego makes perfect sense when she's in the top 5 for strongest people on the planet and is easily smartest
7God, I despise the new artist for Chronophantasma. Everything looks awful.
4trenchcoatfedoratwo beltspocket chainuses knivessummons powers from hellLiterally the epitome of edge.
4
0Being too perfect
Whats their disabilities?
1Makoto molests her friends.
1IrrelevantBoyFurryMary Sue killing the seriesLikes jin
4Him and Relius were the two villains carrying the series. Without them Blazblue has garbage villains
3noelmary sue
8OkayAuthor's Pet/Waifu
3likes jinyou are correct
0Cuteness
barbed cat penis
1But Mori's waifu is Hakuman.
1That's tsubaki/asami imai
What's her problem?
3That's Sugita's favorite.
What's his problem?
4Same with mori
1If she's so smart then why does Hazama keep getting the best of her?
0Is she still a virgin?
280 year old virgin, she has fucking cobwebs up in there.
3Wasn't built with a vagina.
6In CP she figures out how to beat him and just ignores him to death
6no it's not.
3Nah, while Imai is adorable Mori has admitted that Noel is his waifu
What's her problem?
9she's almost 40 and still not married.
3Mori inserting as ParacelsusStill no A.B.A. in XrdFuck you ArcSys.
9Sugita's personal teasing toy.
0Daddy issues
Haven't gotten to play through CP yet, what ends up happening to Hazama?
0He's kill. Hakumen finally got that ass.
9fuck there goes my main
9Too bad they set up the story in a way so even killing Terumi wont mean the end since there's still Kazuma
9mfw there are people who think he's really dead
4And Ragna isn't?
6Ragna's missing a fedora
6Ragna the BloodedgeBloodedgeedgeNah I don't think so
Plot twist is that in CP terumi bodyswapped with Saya before dying ragna literally killed saya and terumi is pretending to be the little girl to build up an ultimate troll in the next game
5iirc the artist is the same one as CT'stoshimichi mori
6he looks edgy but he's really the nicest guy in the whole cast
6Ragna has had a shitty enough life and puts up with enough idiots to get away with it.
Yanderes make my dick hard.
Egde factor aside. His playstyle is pretty rad.
6Ragna's the bait-and-switch, he LOOKS edgy as fuck between his design, his weapon, his element, and lore, but in reality he's actually not a bad man, just troubled and has some serious bad luck. And occasional temper issues. caused by said bad luck.
7fucking Mary Suereally fucking annoyingeveryone fucking loves her for some reasonshe gets everyone to team up in less than 10 seconds because she is Celicashe just so happens to have anti terumi aurashe takes all of the spotlight away from the other cast in CPman she fucking annoyed me
7Neo Noel.
5At least she's paired up with the best girl so it's balanced out.
9implying he isn't going to show up in BB4 out of fucking nowhere and troll the fuck out of everybody
2The body's name is Kazama.Hazama is the body of Kazama with the soul of Terumi.Calling it now, now that Terumi is "dead" it will be Kazama in control of his body and he'll be more sadistic than ever in the sequel.
9Totally unfamiliar with blazblue's story and charactersHit up the story mode to kill timeBasically starts with eyepatch yandere impaling Ragna while saying sweet nothingsmfw this checks all my boxes
I only played Blazblue, and I consider myself more normalfag than most here so the story confused me a lot.Can some anon tell me what happens in the new one?
He needs to fuck someone's wifelong dick style
9Get the fuck ournfmxkslr 9
1"The way you slashed me, pierced me all over, when I was completely defenseless. You knew what you were doing that time. 3"
1My man, yanderes are love.I can't wait until that second yandere moth thing comes out.On the subject of Nu, were there any screenshots of her ass taken from that cutscene in Chronophantasma?
6He's the anti-edge. Ragna has had a hard life, literally the only guy who isn't an asshole or autistic. He's chill but Terumi and Rachel won't let him.
7so that means she will be pure forever
9basically something along the lines ofVillains want to open the Nemesis Horizon something involving the embryo and getting at Amaterasu or whatever to basically take over the universe / world and do whatever the fuck they want with itEnd of Continuum Shift, all the teams eventually get to Ikaruga where CP takes placeNew characters show up. Bullet basically does nothing. Wesker Azrael is awesome but ends up getting sidelines for being hax. Kagura ends up being a big player I guess. Amane is supposedly secretly importantRagna gets treated like absolute shit for 80% of the game where he either gets his ass kicked due to being nerfed by Celica, humiliated, thought of as crazy, or all of the aboveOther stories are going down like Litchi helping team douche with their evil plans in order to save ArakuneCarl is still after his dadBang is searching for LitchietcAnyway back to main plot. Kokonoe says she put a nuke in Ragna's artificial arm to keep him in line and tells him not to leave Celica's side or whateverCelica plays annoying Mary Sue for most of the game stealing most of the story spotlight, getting everyone to work together, and such. Pretty much everyone loves Celica for some fucking reason and everything works out when she says so. She is some Chrono Phantasma or whatever Kokonoe pulled here to help with their plan to deal with Team DoucheRagna gets sent back in time by loli vampire bitch to do some stuff. This is when phase shift stuff happens. He eventually gets backKokonoe wants to sacrifice Celica to activate some lynchpin that would basically shut down all Seithr in the world...which would basically shut down all technology as wellRagna goes "fuck that" and tries to do something elseBang becomes super important as his nail can activate the lynchpin. He smacks the fucker and activates it fulfilling Kokonoe's plan and messing up team villain a bit
who is more worthless Bang or Bullet?
91While all this shit is going Team Six Heroes are trying to stop Terumi once and for all. After a shit ton of bullshit hax and Platinum supposedly sacrificing herself they take him outLameass new villain brings down the satellite nox to nuke the planet. The lynchpin being activated nerfs it and they are able to fight it off. Ragna hops inside it and Nu was put there I guess? Ragna kicks her ass and brings her out to safetyEverything looks all well and good but then Nu wakes up and stabs Ragna in the back with her boner sword to the surprise of fucking nobodyLameass new villain activates some berserk button that she seems to have for some fucking reason that sends Ragna into a brutal rampageCue ending scenes. Rachel basically says Ragna is fucked. Tsubaki wants to kill him oh yeah she was saved by Team Friendship at some point in the story and she now has Mu-12 style armor, Jin wants to kill him, etc.Ragna has amnesia again I guess
219and long story shortBeing Ragna is sufferingLameass new villain is inferior to Hazama and Relius who both get fucked overCelica is a Mary SueShit has hit the fan
8"You're not allowed to have other lovers, Ragna...""Please, only me, okay? I'm the only one that gets to have you... Ha ha ha...""Aaahhahahahahahahahaha!"
5Celica Marie SueNot Kagura
Reminder that Litchi is worst girl.
6Litchi
6Litchi.
6BangworthlessHe was probably one of the most important characters in CP
6BangworthlessConfirmed for nothing play CP.
728
why is he so adorable?
6Confirmed for nothing play CP
9She's cute.
Tsubaki has a nice body
7Chases her slime monster boyfriend who literally did not give a fuck about her prior to all thisHelps Team Villain with their plans to destroy the world to "save him' even though they would probably still be screwed in that scenario since there was no fucking way they would keep their end of the bargain anywayIgnores the fucking paragon of manliness right in front of her
6LitchiShe fails at fucking everything, even the face to heel turn
1Bang is the Lanky Kong of Blazblue.
6Litchi was a fucking shit
Hey guys, I'm meeting Kokonoe in my office for a long ass info dump, wanna come?
1Anyone got the picture of Tsubaki getting chained up courtesy of Relius?
Can Ragna save her?
1Are you sure you should be calling her informative and very, very verbose speeches "Info Dumps" sir?
4Probably one of the only good parts of AMI mean DAMN! well that and the QUALITY
1No, go away kagura your overpowerd.
8not a single doujin with Saya and Ragna
8boring bitchtfw she replaced the awesome antics of Best Dad and Green Guy
8Ragna can't even save himself. At this point Jin/Mary/Mori's Waifu are going to bring Ragna back using some Kokonoe hax while everyone else is horribly insignificant. Wouldn't be surprised however if Relius ends up making Ragna a new body for him to inhabit because his normal one gets fucked.
8He's still got 1 eye and 2 legs, I'm sure he can save a few more people.
5Who's this lameass new villian?
2I'm just trying to say it in layman's term. Now do I see Noel? I better get over to her and hit on her
6see8Izanami
0Thanks, so it's her turn now,huh?
0lamest villiannot ReliusThe nigga is shit. The only thing good to come out of him is his astral finishes.
5Kinda sucks gameplay-wise though
3hating on Relius. I bet you like Litchi, faggot.
4He hated how time kept repeating himself quote "again and again and again", one thing I loved about the English voice for Hazama is he really emphasized how annoyed Hazama was telling the story to Noel in that scene.
2Litchi is shit too.
2To be fair the only good things about Relius are his VA and his parenting lessons to make Carl relevant.
3Not liking World's Best Dadsurely you jest
1YupIs this sprite out yet?
0Ahem
1best dadnot JubeiNah nigga, surely you jest.
Why is he sad /v/?
5And his approach to science and his sweet-but-useless dodge and as the other anon mentioned, his astrals. Plus his ability to break people just by talking to them and basically taking the piss out of Hazama at any given moment. And his generally classiness and pompousness like commanding Ignis in Latin which is a dead language.
0because he knows that filthy bitch Celica is stealing his Niisan away from him
7JubeiBest dadWon't even be there for his daughter. Everyone knows Bang would be the best dad if he could get laid.
7tfw Makoto's bad ending
0Nii-san would rather save their crazy sister than love him tenderly.
8when can i play as her
0Because he wants to be a brocon but the Power of Order won't let him.
6Izanami, the ur-goddess and sister-wife of Izanagi, who in Japanese mythos, created Japan, had some children, died birthing the fire god, tossed into the underworld, got tricked into eating some of the local food, then dumped when she looked like a shambling corpse by her brother-husband in his rescue attempt. Declared undying hatred towards him and his subjects shortly afterwards. In BB, she's the entity joyriding Saya's body.
9Next game. Trust me, my dad is Mori. Jubei, Nine, and Neo Hazama will also be playable.
9Hazama an heroes with Platiumum Trinity and Terumi is gone
4Rape-y as fuck but surprisingly atmospheric considering. Probably the one time where Makoto's character development shows any depth that isn't "Let's fuck Hazama's shit up"
7Bastard's got Joker immunity though. At the very least we'll get Kazuma.
7Jubei has raised 3 kidsand they all turned out like shit
0no doujin with Ragna, Saya, Nu, Lambda, and NoelI don't think the world is ready for such a doujin.
1Noel doesnt like Ragna
9implying that matters
Why is she so hungry, /v/?
7Hungry for semen
7Tell me about Taokaka. Why does she wear a hood?
7because she believes food will satiate her hunger for relevance in the series.
7Ragna should just hook up with herShe is probably his best friend at this pointand apparently she is the only one who can sense Izanami's bullshit so that will probably be important
6posting Nanshit
7tfw she just up and disappeared in CPno seriously she just fucking vanished for some reason. What happened?
8She's not really needed to push the plot.
got a favorite gag reel /v/?
8which one is that? Is it from Extend?anyway the CS ones were probably the most funGotta love Ragna's Bogus Pirate Adventure
8Pirate Valley Girl Nu.
8I like the Eros and Hazama cats.
8
8MAKOTO FAMILY PLAY WAS BEST GAG REEL OF ALL TIME
6GA GA GOO GOO Carnage Scissors
98
3Is it from Extend?Yep, something with Relius, Terumi, and Ragna
5any details on it?
0Where's platinum?Inb4 DED
8I was hoping she would have tagged along with Ragna a bit more since that was what we were left with at the end of CS. 8Most of the ones Tao shows up in. Though I do like Luna's quest for a bigger rack.
18I've long had a problem with BB in that I don't actually like any of the characters, which isn't a problem I have with any other games. I like anime Johnny Bravo though, he's just silly enough, like when he catches the woman he trows up during the intro when he wins, and having a flirting intro with all the female characters. I like the stance pressure gimmickry, too bad he ended up being kind of ass. Guess it's time to go back to SF/GG
2youtube.com/watch?v=haBwlyYgLpAJust says its a new gag reel, sadly it's in jap
0I hope the last scene in the last game is Noel lifting up her skirt to reveal if she's wearing panties or not.
8Will lambda ever have an actual gag reel?
0tfw Lambda CS gag reelT-this isn't funny....this isn't funny at all!
3Underwear is against regs.
9the doujin based off of thatstill no sequel
0i came for the gag but instead, i found feel reel.
05kokonoe just deletes that memory at the end and throws away the little guy
Does anyone actually still play BBCP?
4Tsubaki, Bullet and Kagura all suck, so there's no fun to be had. I've moved to greener pastures
3But Makoto and Tsubaki wear undies
What is Azrael?
7Yes but are either of the Praetorian Guard secretaries?
2An HnK character who wandered onto the wrong set and decided to stick around.
0CPE shortly, doesn't that fix a lot of the issues to be had?Also how does anyone suck more then Makoto shit?
8I think it's in the works. Shame no one has scanned that the bullet and celica doujin yet
5I thought Makoto was A tier in CPEX
4Forgot my image.
1Arakune X Makoto Doujin on DLSiteIt's even on the English siteOnly like $6-$7 bucksKeep checking sad panda for the last month to see if anyone will upload itEvery day keep feeling like I'll just have to buy it myselfGod damn it. Worse part is that Arakune use is already so limited as is. He's like the cloest 'slime' thing of the cast. Fetishes be damned, I don't know how he's so underused.
1Best waifu3Being too perfect
7When she remembers
Decided I'd purchase a console for fallout 4 mainly because relaxed bed gaming. General PS4 or Xbone thread. Which should I get?
8Xbone
8Wait until E3 is over and decide for yourself.
Just buy a PS4 then since it'll look better on thereAlternative: Buy all of the consoles and get a gaming PC, stop being a poorfag
8Are you a dudebro / fps lover / patriotic american ? Then choose Xbone.You're not one of those ? PS4
3PS4 Is the new dudebro machine, Call of Duty is even being shown at Sony's E3 this year
6tfw massive barista poorfag who only has PC & enough cash for one console
7Just because multiplat fps sold more on PS, doesn't mean it is a dudebro machine. It still got jap and kiddy games.Playstation never aimed at spesific fanbase, it's the jack of all trade.
There's one of these going on at /co/ right now, but I wanted to see your opinions on this subject. ITT: Great characters who are not good people Condescending to Tails Asshole to knuckles until he needs something Only fights Eggman because of personal vendettas Almost lets Amy die even though he knew the emerald was fake, Eggman still had a gun to her head Just in general kind of a dick to Amy Is a lazy asshole until something persuades him to get off his ass and fight But yet, everyone who played Sonic games as a kid and even now for some of you thought he was the coolest nigga.
When was he ever condescending to Tails?
0All through Colors and the Adventure trilogy. He treats him like a little brother and teases him the entire time. It's even called out when Tails in the first Sonic Adventure has his entire "disarm the bomb" moment which was solely to prove to Sonic that he is just as capable of being a hero as him. Also, listen to his theme in both Sonic Adventure titles, it talks about how he wishes Sonic would respect him more.
I think Sonic has been an asshole for a long time before that though
3Amy is an unwanted "literally who" who is only ever in the story because she refuses to go away. Is Superman a dick if he refuses to be obligated to take the women he saves out to dinner? Fuck that noise.
implying that any reasonable person wouldn't be a dick to AmyI'm surprised Sonic hasn't killed her himself. Knuckles would be pretty frustrating to interact with because of hoe much of a gullible, single-minded fucking moron he is. Sure, he can be condescending to Tails, but that's because he cares for him and would rather not see him hurt.To me, Sonic seems eminently level-headed and reasonable.
3If sonic were the witcher Amy would be Triss, she just want sonic dick
2Maybe he should stop "accidentally" losing Chaos emeralds to Eggman then.
2Tails keeps on going about how he wants to prove something to sonic, but sonic himself never acts condescendingIt makes tails look like a whiny little kid while sonic did nothing wrong
3True, but at the same time Sonic never really validates him as a worthy sidekick. He's always coming up behind tails to make sure he's not hurt or dead. He doesn't see Tails as an equal, and perhaps for good reason, but Tails is always stuck in this mode of trying to prove something to Sonic that never gets any validation.
3There's a good reason for thatIt's a kids game, and they don't exactly have good writers especially not in the dreamcast eraYou're analysing it too seriously
, 
....Well?
It's beautiful
well whatalso testing
Dead On, apply directly to the Wii U
9Literally nothing wrong with it.
9Objectively it's garbage tbh.
9best console ever
7Testing what?
9the only console of this gen worth having
1deeeez nuts
HokageSasukeXXX7 has joined the server
tfw its metfw im at the top of the scoreboard
0XxxRainbowDash20xxX has joined the spectators
4tfw
0Source
ThatGuyWithTheNiceAss has join the server
2Hirame TFP come on shoot faster, on the pandaIt's great
xXxThEsTiNk420weedlordxXx has entered the serverdudes I'm so high right now LOLmfw
0can hear rap music blaring in the background and the sound of chips being eaten
0xXxXxSSJ9GoGeta95xXxXx has joined the enemy team.The rekkoning has begun.
0Is that your only fucking reactions face nigger?
Imnotgaybut20dollarsis20dollars joins the servercompletly average player, no worthy events asides from his name
0ZxZRiNnETeNsEiHaShIrAmACeLlsMADARAUCHIHA97ZzZ
04Dude drags the whole team downNo one votes to kick him
5dude does nothing wronggets votekicked anyway
4[PH]John1999 has connectedpinoy music playing full volumecan hear cars honking in the backgroundfucking 3rd world and their open air cyber cafes
0xXxblazeit420xXx has joined the server.''hi guys xDDD''
0player on my team spouts shit memesvotekickdoesn't passplayer on enemy team spouts shit memes / uses overpowered weaponstunnelvision themtaunt on kill
LeGarbageMan has entered the game
pro gamer
2not making tons of money by playing children's gamesI bet you hate sports too faggot
Hey /v/, what are some historical time periods you think could be used more in video games, and in what genres would you like to see them?
Warring states japan or zhou dynasty china city builder or RTS game.
6Fall of the Timurids, Mamluks, Latter half of Byzantium's empire. Venice in general, Golden Horde struggling with their Muscovite vassals, Novogorod and the Vikings, the Teutonic Order in general, HRE and protestantism, India might be cool. Steppes in general are pretty underused.
6Bronze age and early iron age. Muh sea peoples.
6For the Golden, Blue and White Hordes it should like be an open world RPG where you play as a Muscovite prince caught in a civil war of Mongol brothers.fight for freedom of your country in the midst of civil wartakes place in Egypt, Wallachia, Sibir, Golden Horde territory, Byzantium and medieval Muscovy and Novgorod
The currrent period lends itself out to grand strategies rather well. But there needs to be a clever twist on the genre introduced, a level of subterfuge and technological skulldaggery of unprecedented complexity, seeing how you can't declare war on anyone these days. Yet wars have become constant and unremitting. CoDlikes portray the modern times exceedingly poorly. Yet that's the only genre even bothering to tackle the situation at hand today. That doesn't sit well with me. My guess is some of you feel the same.
An exploration-focused, side-scrolling platformer featuring RPG and crafting elements.Made by the godfather of the genre Koji Igarashi with help from the Mighty No. 9 guys Int createsEarly Gameplay[Embed]Kickstarterclass="quote"Where's Ayami Kojima?Tied up with a contract, she won't be doing the art but will make a sleeve for the collector's editionWho does the music?Michiru Yamane, she did Castlevania games as well.Is it 2D?It's 2.5d made with unreal engine 4. They are going after the Guilty Gear Xrd look, models made with filters in mind.
9side-scrolling platformerNot a big fan of these.Damn shame, the characters look really good and promising.
I really like her design.Hope the game doesnt disappoint.
This game is getting money EXCLUSIVELY from waifufags.
7I really hate her design.Hope the game doesnt disappoint
7I really like her design.Yeah I hope it doesn't turn into another MN9 shitfest, that'd be such a waste.
9Castlevaniawithout a playable yaoi vampireinto the trash
0What is the 3rd playable character we will undoubtedly reach
9The WIP they slapped together already looks better than MN9.
Shanoa prettier
1That's what really gets me. Then again this game is being developed by industry vets at Inticreates, not literal-who newbies at Comcept.
0"Johannes" looks like a total faggot and isn't cool at all
If you're going to keep this up you might as well just make regular threads on /vg/
9Didn't Inti work on mighty no 9 too? I'm sure because everyone was talking about how phoned in their level design was.
5/vg/ doesn't really reach the masses in terms of marketability
9Made by the godfather of the genre Koji IgarashiLiterally who?
8This explains it better than I can5
2
9OP here. Let's try to keep it in one thread.8
0This thread was made before that one
Is Miriam's vagina still unaffected by her curse? When she menstruates does it come out as little red cubes of safety glass?
7Yeah the thread I linked was made before.
9What's up with the nose?
4It's a bit small and too low on the face sorta like in the official art
3So basically, nobody worth giving a shit about?
3So you have extremely shit taste?
3
7Got some nice legs
9How'd they do it bros? She pulls off the aura of a fragile waif I want to protect while still having such a lewd breeding material body. Can't wait to save her from her curse
I wanna fugg Miriam!
Are they actually Americans?
2No, DD hime, CL oni, BB Hime, Chi and Ne are Japanese.
What am I looking at?It's getting me hard, man
2
8American boats
implying boatsluts are vidyaWhat's next, a thread for Excel?
4They are, you just don't like it.
2015Still a console peasantWhat's your excuse /v/?
go back to reddit
6It's too fucking expensive. I make just over minimum wage and don't even get 40 hours a week.
Better games.
6Just waiting for XCOM 2Oh wait
 2015 still a shitposterWhat's your excuse OP?
6No one wants to hire an awkward aspie like me, so no money.
05Same here I'm a lame NEET
6im a poor nigger so I cant afford nice things. Not really an excuse but I guess Im just into my weeb shit and anime to much to succeed in life
I like japanese games, so a Sony console is the best choice for me.
6no job = no money = no decent computer
6exclusivegood one
0Consoles500 dollar system60 dollar controller60 dollars online60 dollar gamesBuy 5 games and you are down 300 dollars. Console gaming is more expensive than PC gaming.
5buying a new consoleps3/360hundreds of titlescan have the system for $100buying the games used for $5 off amazonbuy a controller on CL for 15$don't even need online on themwin.
3If you're going that route you may as well buy a Super Nintendo instead because it has objectively the best console library.
5whatwhat system costs 500$do you mean xbox1 with kinect? Who buys that shitalsops3/wii uno onlinesystem comes with the perfect controler already inb4 Wii U pro controler shitersboth have games that are good
2fug I done goofdmeant no paid online
8buying a super nintendoor just emulating it on a $50 laptop for freeunless you are one of those purists.
6I'm an Idort
8objectively the best console libraryPlease tell me how you came to that conclusion. If it's objectively the best then please provide sources to facts that support it.
2015not being pc handheld wii u master race
1080pWhy are YOU a peasant?
6/r/pcmasterrace reporting in?
5I have friends and mooch games off of them so fuck you
7Emulation is illegal and there is no such thing as a 50 dollar laptop. Get your shit together.
this is my rig
6PC + Wii U + 3DS master race this gen. Might get a vita soon since I have a ton of disposable income lately
6I'm poor, mommy and daddy don't fork over their life saving for me to get new toys
there hasn't been a good pc exclusive in 7 years
5the cpu is overclocked btw
6Triggered?
4no such thing as a $50 laptoptop kekAs for illegal, who cares. They don't officially sell the system or games anymore. lost media in the age of digitization.
5970 with 3.5GBwhy do you buy a GPU with false advertising?
6Games. My PC has everything except for games.
7Source it. And don't link to notebooks, those are not PC's.
6I bought it before I knew about it still a decent card. Might buy a 980 ti in the winter
Why would you limit yourself to one platform? I own all current gen except an Xbone. It's was cheap since I built my pc and I found deals for the all the consoles. I might get an Xbone later this year if some games that interest me come out for it.
buy a console for 300 bucksbuy all 10 at best worthwhile games for 60 bucks eachOr:buy a PC for 350 bucksnever pay for any game you don't want toneed to stop deluding themselves about the price of PCs.
6I like to not be a dumb shit
9If this is your idea of a worthwhile game then I'm glad you're a consolefag.Keep that garbage gameplay to yourself.
6computers aren't computersThat logic.
6smooth gameplayMaybe on an alienware
6Because should I care. I only use my Pc for financial reasons only. Plus I just don't give a shit about Pc
6It's a SNES game bro, a 50$ pre-paid smart phone could play them.
6No room for a pc
3new consoleps3/360
6The point was that the X1 and PS4 were the new consoles.Reading comprehension isn't a strong suit for you is it anon.
Too bad PC gaming is mostly digital only.
Laughing at mustards thread?
0It has a keyboard and screen and it can fit on my fat thighs, therefore it must be a laptopThat logic.8I want him to source a laptop he could buy off the shelf for 50 dollars. Not a phone, not a fucking blackberry. A laptop.
4negotiable
nothing I want to play on PCI do have a good PC but all I do is browse /v/ on it, and occasional emulation
Why even make this thread?Neo-/v/ is basically 90% insecure consolefags and shitposters anyways.
8God I'd overdose on aspirin if I was living your life
4insert wii u games and it becomes actualy valid. Bloodborne will sooner or later get to PC, From Software are jews like that4Spot the insecure pc babby
4seeing how nearly everything is about muh better on PC I was under the impression /v/ was 90% master race that does nothing but shitpost
6
9Sonygger false-flagging as a NintoddlerHoly shit, I've seen it all.
7Posting notebooks under the guise as a laptopSorry buddy. Hardware makes the machine. At least you tried.
0Still a computercan still play SNES gamesSeriously, you back pedal way to hard and should head back to reddit.
6I envy the days I was so naive.
0Genuinly curious, what's the difference between a laptop and a notebook?
0The spelling.
1All I asked was to post a non notebook laptop under 50 dollars as previously stated here 6 I want him to source a laptop he could buy off the shelf for 50 dollars. Not a phone, not a fucking blackberry. A laptop. You can't perform this task and get in a huffed up rage. Maybe not exaggerate your claims so much?
0size.Laptops start at 15" notebooks tend to be 14" and below.
5Its more expensive, it has less features, less control over your OWN system and much less hardware... and people still defend their shitsoles.Console users are like applefags but they're so many that they thing their faggotry is the norm.
1laptopThe first one is a laptop. So what the hell are you talking about?
I like the feeling of a Xbox controller in my hand.Plus, I like to play vidya on one tv, and use my PC to stream jewflix on another.tfw watching comfy shows while playing vidyathere is no better feeling
2Buy the xbox controller for PC and attach your computer to the TV.
9Size, hardware, programs, uses, limitations.
Why can't I be both mustard race and console peasant?Currently playing AvP on PC, and Wolfenstein on Xbox.
7programsuseslimitationsAre you retarded? Or do you live in 1995?
2Thats like asking, why can't I be Aryan and shitsking at the same time?Of course you can, but you would still be an untermesch faggot who gives support to such dirty systems with money.
3buying new consoleps3/360buying newps3/360newps3/360
1Getting this asspained about a commentIt's like you have nothing better to do than demand sources for details.
0Go run Photoshop suite or rendering videos on a notebook. Ay as well boot a fast game of crysis multiplayer while you're waiting for that shit to load. Yeah thats a fantastic idea.
0you lack reading comprehension anon.buying new consoleWhy would anyone buy the Ps4 or Xbox 1 when the PS3/360 exist with a huge library and cheap.
Because I know next to nothing about PC hardware.I use my PC for internet, torrenting, homework, and hulu/netflix. Cut the cord with the cable company a long time ago
6been a console pleb for all my lifebuild my own pc this yrall i play is fucking dota 2, i cant even get into my console game backlog anymore
5This is about SNES emulation you faggot.A 50$ netbook/laptop could run SNES games no problem.
8It's like you ran out of argumentsgoes to /v/ to have a discussionblames others for joining a discussion
0he is a newfaghe is a cucksolehe doesnt know /v/ is 70% masterracehe shitposts
3If you go throught this line, PC wins again.Buy old shit computermaybe a Duo 2 with a 5870 because f** you nvidiaInstall gentooGet games throught GOG and, install DosBox and PCSX2Install modsGet a shit load of old games.Fucking win.
6I don't like indie games and simulators.
I put together an alright PC and have 180 games on steam. The last thing I played on my computer was Castlevania NES.I sort of regret buying into all the hype, but at least I can emulate PS2 games I guess.
8asspainedAll I did was ask him to exact his claims. Am I a bad person for doing that?
2gentooThe autism is real.
0Underrated post
5new7th gen
5doesn't understand implicationsyou can only pretend to be retarded for so long anon, eventually it will stick with you and you will be forever retarded.
4
9Same here. I know nothing about PC hardware. I wouldn't even know where to begin.Like this pic here:5I don't know what any of that means.I mainly use my PC for old RTS games and emulation.
2I did this with my old shitty laptop it was €200 seven years ago and I think it has probably better games on it than my gaming rig, idk, maybe the flavour of nostalgia
obligatory
9thinks old tech is still considered new
6I just went on Kijiji and found one.Do some research instead of crying about sources.
4I never called 7th gen new idiot, my point was why buy 8th gen when you can get 7th or older for far cheaper.Especially since you can get a 360 or ps3 for 50$ now days.Like I said, not my fault you lack reading comprehension faggot.
4The autism is real.Implying not everyone here is an autist or a potential autistImplying you're normal.Implying having control over your system is also a bad thing.GTFO you double nigger, you don't even know what are you talking about.
1careful, he doesn't consider it a laptop unless it can run wither 3 at 4k and render videos at the same time while being at 10c temps.
6Le epic Master Raceeeeeee XDDDle lord gaben is a god x'DDD!
7No, it's nothing like that.It's literally impossible to, as you said, be Aryan and shitskin at the same time.Meanwhile, I can continue to have fun and enjoy myself on both systems.I'm sorry if that bothers you. The whole mustard race/sonygger/xbro/nintoddler war is ridiculous IMO. Just have fun with whatever system you choose, even if that means multiple systems.
4thinks that a 50$ laptop isn't a laptopsuggests to install gentoo on garbage system to play PS2 gameswhy not buy the ps2 you double nigger.
I have a build with an extremely easy upgrade path. That being said I won't, because I've realized I like console exclusives and japanese games. Wanna get the "master race" experience everyone? Build a computer for 400 with an i3, use integrated graphics. You can play any moba, CS GO runs well, and most indie shit. Thats the experience, omg incredible, and if you wanna play shitty multiplats or shitty ports, you can always buy a graphics card.
7I still want that PS3 movie.
1Do some research instead of crying about sources.Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence. If I told you I was a fairy, you would want wing pics for proof, wouldn't you?
6SteamDRMonly digital gamesSupporting the king of DRM gabe newell
4Hey, that's not right! I only use cutting-line, state of the edge computers!
0Hardware DRM is any better
1But you're giving support to a shit closed system that is destroying the gaming industry throught CODs and downgrades, and so you can't be a pure PC master race.
7But the fity dollar laptop claim is fairly easy to prove for yourself, just hop on Craigslist or whatever.Wing pics or GTFO
I know nothing about building and modifying a PC and really don't give a fraction of a fuck.Stay arrogant, PCucks.
0Who said a thing about steam?
5so in other words you're a lazy retard who doesn't want to learn and expand his hobby
73buying new console7th genbut thats exatcly what you said. If you wanted to say why buy new when you can get 7th gen for a fraction of the price then why didnt you just say that instead of making a shit greentext post that didnt make sense? Seems your comprehension is the one out of sync friend
7I wouldn't be surprised if you were a fairy, since that term also means faggot.
6I don't want to depend of a Server to play my games in the future
If it's supposed to be Pee Cee Cucks, then why is it spelled PCucks which sounds like Pee Cucks
5If you're paying 60 dollars for console games I don't know what to tell you. You're beyond help.
8And this just proves you don't understand what  means.
0cucksolerstalking about DRMinbuilt DRM hardwarethis is how fucking stupid consolers are
console games price three time expensive than PC das why all poorfaqs choose PC and bashing console gamers to cover their poverty
1onus is on the person making the claim.
2implying faggots on /v/ use maymay arrows correctlyfirst day here?
6supporting drmkek
1maymay arrowsholy fuck how new are you?It's a fucking implication marker.
3b-but anon, that's wrong
4He should have put a line between his implications so it looked like2015buying a new consoleps3/360hundreds of titlescan have the system for $100buying the games used for $5 off amazonbuy a controller on CL for 15$don't even need online on themHe's a faggot, but you're also a faggot for not being able to see this.
4calls it what everyone else on this cuck site calls itmust be new projectionscmon son
3Paying $100 for outdated techHeh. Consolefags.
6I don't find indie games/ early access games that interesting.
6owning any console except the Wii Unot being PC + Wii U master racei sold my ps4 and my 3dsi never owned an XB1good timesi game more on my U than my PC these days
8thinking "future proofing" is a thingr/pcmaster race kiddy confirmed.
3Enjoy Persona 5 and Bloodborne ;
0Wat
9see0
0i'm already enjoying splatoon and W101
8Renting games on SteamDepending of a server to play all your games in the future
5I don't care about being a "pure" mustard race. Whether I play on PC or Xbox, I generally do research on games before I buy them.I never preorder.I buy used 90% of the time, usually 7-8 months after release.I look at gameplay footage, reviews, and read other people's experiences with the game instead of blindly buying it on a whim.I'm not that guy who runs out and buys every COD on day 1.So yeah, I may be "giving support to a shit closed system", but I generally have fun with my choices on both systems. And that's what important right? I know there's a lot of joking here about "no fun allowed", but what's the point of a hobby if you aren't enjoying yourself?I don't know, maybe I've been on /v/ too long.
6I'm having fun Playing bloodborne
9Hate on Steam's DRMAllows for a system in gaming where you can only play games on proprietary hardware.Can't even play it on whatever platform you want even though you 'own' the games
5Stay ignorant you dumb fucking nigger.
6There's no such thing as a $50 laptopYes there isSource it. And don't link to notebooks.$50 laptopdon't link to notebooksI don't even know what's going on here anymore. But you can pick up $50 LAPTOPS don't get triggered from second-hand electronics stores.When you're talking about whether or not a laptop is a PC or not, the argument is generally about power. No, a laptop isn't as powerful as a gaming PC. No shit. But it is more than capable at handling emulation.
7Hate on Steam's DRMI hate DRM in generalalso..Depending of a server to play all your games in the futureBuying digital games
8Just realized you think laptops and notebooks are different. Scratch my entire post.6You're an idiot.
Spending $2000 dollars to play multiplats isn't something I want to do.
6keep renting those games on steam son
7I mostly buy games from GoG. I'm just saying hardware DRM is just as bad or worse than software DRM
Idort is the only way to go, reality is that PC just doesn't get good exclusives anymore. Most PC games are AAA trash and indie crap, the good ones come years later or are never ever Bloodborne, Nintendo exclusives.
I own all the 8th gen consoles and a high end PC.Its not worth it.
But I'm not a console peasant, because I'm not an actual child.
1Nintendo exclusivesYou need to be at least 18 years old to be here.
6Supporting DRM
6I like actually owning my games.
0Not being an IdortMissing out on the 2 best games of this generationkek
3You don't actually own console games, you purchase a license in disc-form to play the game on the specified console hardware. Unless you can play the game your bought on whatever hardware you want, you don't actually own it.
6I only buy physical games, i hate going full digital
6Because I have no clue how to build something and which parts are good and which ones to get. I also don't want to have to upgrade every 2 years because fuck optimization.
9You don't actually own console gamesMy starfox for SNES which is old as fuck 20 years agrees
4I'm talking about the new console generations with internet capabilities
6Waiting for Persona 5 which maybe you can emulate in 2027
9You actually own a WiiU?Don't you have school in the morning, little man?
i have friends that actually visit me at my home and can lan or split screen
1Oh.. sorry, I totally agree anon
4spending $2000There's preferring one platform over another, and then there's mental retardation. Guess which side you're on, anon.
3Control over your system? Is it some kind of fetish? I read that everywhere, when people defend android and PC, but I want stability, and not stressing about compatibility. But be happy with your control your own system bullshit...
4B-but 4k DOTA and GONE HOME....
6Games
4illegal?GTFO
9summer 2k15having school
6Not him, but why is 2k such a big deal? I mean, if computers and the hardware and software therein is his hobby, 2k isn't that much to spend. Especially considering he has to pay that much about once every 5-7 years.That's about a dollar a day.
The most retarded people in the world are the idorts. How desperate are you to find a shrivel of fun in your life if you have to waste THAT much money on it?If you ever realize you're an idort, you're officially in the wrong hobby.
516gb of ramNigga why?
Previous thread: 2Include full names and what series your characters are fromCompile multiple images into one or link to a gallery for additional referencesTry not to bump requestsNo shitpostingKeep it vidyaIf a post breaks the rules, DO report and hide it. DON'T respond to it.Have fun!Post your art to the booru for anons to find later in case they miss a delivery or if it is NSFW:to learn how to draw or improve your drawing skills? Visit the /ic/ sticky:/ic/1579290NSFW Deliveries should be posted in/i/441515Drawing Books:
Reposting for the drawfag who said he'd do it.Requesting Ryoubi and Ryouna licking each other’s bellybuttons in a 69 position in their swimsuits, Ryouna’s breasts pushing against Ryoubi’s DFC.
Requesting Cordelia nuzzling a tiny Chrom. Alternatively, her as a giantess crushing a fortress or castle by sitting on it.
animal crossing requests GO
Requesting Cia cradling young Link in a manner similar to the image on the right of them.
Cerebella from Skullgirls lifting a faceless anon wearing her dress and panties by the leg like in the reference picture in front of a crowd of faceless laughing people.Please and thank you Drawfriends!
Reposting my request.Requesting someone to draw a busty, chubby, older Jaina Proudmoore WarCraft wearing a purple with gold trim bikini a few sizes too small, being embarrassed by her constant wardrobe malfunctions and trying to cover herself with a small beach towel. Beach or poolside optional, female goblin waitresses optional.
0Requesting Tom Nook doing this.
Requesting Jack-O chilling with some Ghostrick monsters, being spooky and eating candy.Optionally, give her a Halloween-themed Duel Disk.
0first time I'm the one requesting this, but......lewd trap villager, it turns me on so much.
Taking fuccboi shota requests, long and hard
3Why do you want an anon wearing her dress and panties
Requesting fusion of Greenheart V2 form Neptunia V2, Nu13 BlazBlue: Calamity Trigger and Tyria Ar tonelico Qoga: Knell of Ar Cie.
6It honestly looks like he's playing a harp. It's fucking cute.
3i would also like to see this particular image.
1Requesting you fuck off.
5Holy shit, this is way better than my idea.
4because
1Requesting Laharl taking it hard and deep in the ass
Akagi from Kantai and a dwarven miner from Dwarf Fort.Akagi's hugging the dwarf while he's shrugging, saying "It's only bauxite."
7K. K. Slider needs to be staring at him pissed off about someone stealing his "job."
Draw your waifu with a dick growing out of her headJust kind of hanging out on her forehead
Reposta Pastacan i request a follow up?Ass shot of roll while dancing and megaman seen her and being embarrassed and uncomfortable, here's an example just to gave you a vague idea, 
0Saw a doujin like that once
This, but with the face of a character of your choosing.
657SLOW TF DOWN all of this is too cute but i draw slowly
Requesting Rico Tyrell from Phantasy Star Online helplessly being grafted int the chest of Dark Falz.
Any obscure waifu requests?
4Just any kind of villager, or specifically the blank-smiled Smash Bros. villager?
2Rosalina
Requesting Little Mac as a wind up toy that's out of energy
2new threadalready trying to kill the thread
4any of the designs will do, really, most of the ones I've seen are pretty cute.
2Ms. Fortune.
Requesting Jack-O sitting ontop of a defeated foe with her glorious ass showing.Ass gif: 
4Nice joke but this might be relevant to your interests./i/441854
2Maybe not obscure, but nobody likes her.
Requesting Peach, but as a trap. Maybe getting dressed or stuffing a bra or something
4I'm sorry, it's just that finding out that Demon's Souls online is still alive and finding that request got my imagination going.
Millia sitting on Sol's face.
4MFW I thought the boy Villager was a girl at first.Just put a girly outfit on, BOOM! Now looks 100% girl!
23 is about all I can think of.
Requesting something lewd with boobsnek from xcom 2maybe some light femdom or lesbians
Requesting Jack Frost dressed as Akihiko.
478 requests249 referencesWe doin this again?
8Did you draw that? If so, I love it
3Man I tried drawing something like that yesterday. completely failed at it.
Requesting Ryu making the same face as this guy: 
7Gee, I wonder why they call her Jack-O. What could the O possibly stand for
8THOSE ARE HER BABIES YOU MONSTER
3snake grills will never into real
Please draw Drasna fucking a random shota/young adult. She seems to be in her late 40's early 50's, so please draw her with a proper milf body, for example a slight sag in her breasts and a little loose skin in the stomach, like in the reference pic.
0Yea. and thanks9but that one is her most trusted assistant, no one else could receive such an honor.
1What does Tom Nook playing with a Sprinkler and/or harp have to do with Demon's Souls4I also failed at snektits, post it anyway
Why is everybody so obsessed over "Overkill girls"? It's basically just a Street a Fighter expy, but with semi-generic monster girls.
Requesting Erick Rowan carrying Sheep Man Mega Man 10 around on his shoulder
2Draw Pullum Purna doing exotic dance.Or as a lamia.Or both...I don't care which one.
Requesting Etna in a Gothic or Victorian era dress like in pic related.
3Fun.
1I kinda hate to say it, but I enjoy Arcana Heart 3 more.
Requesting Akali  middle  helping Miss Fortune  left  carry her tits like in the comic  right . Lewd while sfw or nsfw.
Requesting Emmy and Claire yuri
2 IM CALYPSO AND I THANK YOU FOR PLAYING TWISTED METAL!
Requesting Melia being deepthroated.
9that bottom middle dress is gorgeous.
4By Riki.
4She has a dick?
Requesting Nina and Tharja doing anything you can think of.
Requesting Callie and Marie flirting with each other. It could be cute or lewd, but I'd rather it be tame, but slightly more than implied.They're just so cute.
2Are you the same /vg/ faggot who makes the same waifu imagedump skullgirls threads all the time?Also obscureskullgirlsfuck off
Requesting any /v/ waifu of the drawfag's choosing in this pose and "undress".
Requesting request posters post more fun requests that don't involve really generic anime looking characters
8erik go to work
3No, I just simply think that the game is too overrated overall, and just another "Street Fighter/Fatal Fury/whatever" rip-off using semi-generic monster designs.
Requesting Yuna from Final Fantasy 10 giving Link a kiss on the cheek.
31Oh sorry, wrong response.
4POST8a man can dream
3already a pic
5been there done that
0ok fine. Stare at my shame, stare at the plebiest of drawings. I didnt even finish it i was so ashamed.
5FOREVER TIED UP XCOM ROOKIE
8thanks man, this is great
61I wanted to draw seriously but my sketch looked cuter
3Who?
5Any snake is good snake in the eyes of our lord.Ya just gotta practice them hips and that plop
Requesting any princess Zelda as a Zerg Queen.
Requesting Skyhammer clapping while airstrikes explode around him kinda like in 
8I really wanted to do a small comic where an operator kisses the snek and then runs off and the snek is just confused and blushing.
group effort in stream from all of us
7follow your dreams
Requesting any two Nintendo guys in this position.GETTIN' MILK GETTIN' MILK
5Hey anon, let's have a real brother relationship.
Requesting a Culter talking about his cybernetic enhancements with JC Denton.
Requesting Fefnir aggressively butting heads with an unimpressed Zero.
9I kind of want to try this one.
Aya Brea and Daniel Dollis hanging out in a coffee shop eating donuts. cuz they're cops
9requesting dante wearing that dress
0Do it good fella. It is there waiting for you.
Requesting Leia from Tales of Xillia 2 broke and half-naked after losing at poker, looking anxious and saying "D-Don't worry, guys, I'll get back everything we lost!"
227705834100 post visibility bump.
dang the old thread died while I was drawing.here is the rabi-tan request
2what
7That is really cute, man!
7and monoealso not sure why its posting sideways?
2Bitch, stop doing this. Fucking learn how to remember things.
2Any obscure waifu requests?Does Rune Factory count as obscure?If so, then Karina from Rune Factory 3.
75ya gotta flip it turnways first
43
Requesting anything cute or lewd with Reiko Nagase from Ridge Racer.
3I wanna take you down MYSELF!
8Dante?
75open for request
75How hard is it to rotate you images? How hard? It takes one fucking second.
2Why in the fucking fuck would you bump shit that was posted five fucking minutes ago?
3
Requesting Big Boss as a squid from Splatoon.
7Please do that. That sounds fucking adorable.
5OR here, i love it, i wish i could draw so clean like youthanks, its amazing
3pls someone draw thisI need it ;_;
5Cute Hex Maniac.
8I need it ;_;Then pay for it.
20Good job collecting a bunch of good requests, and making sure they are less likely to be done simply by being obnoxious.
58
9But first you spin the middle side topwise.
8This... is.... Great!
5I'm a poorfagSomeday...
2Because as people pour into the thread over time, they will have to sift through hundreds of posts. For some peoplenot all it can be too much, so they don't read each post one by one. They sort of skim through it. And in the middle, there is a big dumb post with like 10 replies in it. It catches their eye.
58I second this.
5did this some weeks ago unless you want more
0I took it with my phone and transferred on my computer and its showing up right in my folder. I guess im a idiot but not sure why its showing up on its side
4It's a common problem. I've had it happen myself.
9Stop. You are spamming. Stop replying, stop arguing, stop posting that shit. Nobody needs it. The end.
8Female Dante in that dress slashing through a demon to get some pizza and strawberry sundae.
Requesting Nagase from Ace Combat AH Legacy/Ace Combat 5 dressed in a sleek black dress with red trim like the colors of the Razgriz flight group from Ace Combat 5.
7Wow, that's so good, and so cute.
4Maybe take a second to google why this is happening?
Someone PLEASE draw classic era Sonic and Tails having a Splatoon fight with each other, make them both happy. I would just die.
75Got a gallery/blog you wouldn't mind sharing?
7Seconding
2worst girloutside of Raven
Popular/Well known characters are the primary target of deliveriesEven though they are popular and already have truckloads of cute art/pornWhile obscure characters with barely any to non-existant art get primary ignored or just called weeb animeshitIt sucks
2autism is a hell of a drug
9And in the middle, there is a big dumb post with like 10 replies in it. It catches their eye.Dude. Most drawfags skip text only posts and go directly to request with pictures and references. Unless they are following a conversation they are gonna skip your shit as well. Stop.
5try me anon
9For what it's worth, I just ignore posts with huge strings of replies and nothing else but text. Looks like some kind of shitposter trying to argue with a bunch of people or somesuch.I just browse through the thread and briefly skim across all the posts with images attached to see if there's anything involving characters I know.You have good intentions, but I don't think it's really a necessity? Why did I see a pot of sticks in the captcha?
99I'll try having at least one of these two things done tonight
5Anime styled characters aren't fun to draw, they all look the same except for hair and clothes.
9While you do have a fair reason, any decent enough drawfag would at least be willing to shuffle through the list to find something s/he likes to draw. I doubt any drawfag who actually cares enough would so callously just scroll through, and basically ignore, several posts as you're implying.
62Good point. I'll be sure to upload an image next time.
8I don't really have a request in mind right now, just an observation. I've already put a good bit of requests out to pasture like that though
5Some of them are weeb shit though.I have seen some request from obscure as shit korean visual novels and really do wonder if those nigga serious.6Also this.
2Not him, but Modern Sonic is autism.The old games were pre-autism.
Requesting Nakoruru from an old favorite Samuri Showdown being paint-covered by Splatoons.
8Yes, I do. I actually didn't request that one. It's nice
6Definitely this, plus a lot of them have a million fucking belts and buckles and bells and whistles and I seriously don't want to spend that much time on a quick freebie.
5Popular characters tend to be from good games, the kind that people really enjoy and make a connection with. People bring up "this character has no art" or "she has no porn ;_;" as some kind of argument for why others should draw them, but the truth is not every character deserves it.
3Nakoruru requestYES!with splatoon shitFUCK!
what programs do you drawfags use? I have been looking to get back into doing 2D art, I used to do a ton on paper. I have a Surface pro 3 so I was hoping it'd be useful for doing some art on the computer, but I'd like to know what programs and stuff you guys use
0Then at that point you're just eating up the image limit by pointlessly attaching an image for the sake of attention and not making an actual request yourself.
2What the hell's wrong with you? What wrong with someone just having a little fun? Or thinking that something small and furry is cute? You and that you're a hater, is all that wrong here.
3I don't remember Nakoruru being that stacked...
7Photoshop CS6 or busti can teach you my secrets. 
8I can't tell if you are false flagging to bring more attention to your request or just confirming
7I use SAII'm a low tier drawfag who mainly does lineart though, so SAI is good enough for me. I'm slowly learning PS but I'm not comfortable with it yet
6How about Nakoruru and Sheik hiding on a stealth mission of sorts?Or doing other ninja shit?
where the streams at?
3Please do. I am getting excited about doing art again. but thanks for the program!8thank you for the suggestion, I'll look into SAI
Titfuck or being fucked from behind in either hole, please. Or just have her with her ass in the air invitingly.
3This. Last thread was a barren
5BEHIND YOU!!!.....................................................................
3Tell that to smash nintendo requesters
7wife is a drawfag and uses SAI and intuos 4 drawtabletshe'll use photoshop to add textures and shit when she's done
4In that case, I will forgo the image. And instead arrange the post numbers horizontally. That will help make the post stand out.
requesting Sherry Birkin dancing1fuck, man, you're hilariousnot even a bad-natured post, really, I had a good laugh right then
7I'm mainly learning myself but I use photoshop. I've heard good things about SAI but I don't want to have to learn 2 different programs at the moment.From what I hear the huge amount of brushes you can get with PS is really good, but Sai has things like stabilizing your lines and whatnot I think.Besides getting better with my lines I want to learn how to color digitally better, mainly when it comes to blending colors.I use a Wacom Bamboo Fun tablet. Its pretty small but only cost me like $100. Considering trying to buy one of the "cheaper" Cintiq sometime soon because I fucking suck with the disconnect from tablet to screen.Pic related is what I'm working on at the moment 
5Doin some semen demen href="#p297506865" class="quotelink"5No problem, i'll teach you all the fancy shit whenever ya need.9AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
67Uuuuughhhh. I think I did horribly with the Negative Man. I apologize for messing him up so horribly. I wish I could say I was getting into the negative gimmick but I really do feel I coulda done a LOT better with him. But I must deliver Negative Man for now.Remind me to punch myself if I take a character that's mostly yellow again.Do you guys mind if I deliver drawings with an alias from now on? Not this one but future ones.
3What's a fun request that you would like to do?What may be fun for some might not even register for others.
1That is looking quite nice. Good job with the linework.
1Nice lines man.
Requesting Chen dressed as some random vidya character
9Don't feel so negative, anon.Do you guys mind if I deliver drawings with an alias from now on?I'm not even sure what you are asking. You want to put on a tripcode when making deliveries? For what purpose?
give me an ideas for a concept art for dark souls 3.weapons, bosses, landscape...etc.
1that's awesome, I thought it was pencil sketch underneath for a moment, your lines are great. this is a legit piece. I'll see how bad the disconnect is with the surface then probably dish out a few hundred for the Intuos4 the other anon says his wife works with0is there a wiki or somewhere that has the basics? I just want to start by drawing shit. Maybe even get into dota cosmetics or something, but that'll need 3D modelling too.It would be dope to do some art with Ramza but I'm not sure what
8It's funny because the sprinkler is considered rare as it cannot be reordered from the catalog in-gamesame as the lawn mower and I think the shopping cart
5
6Intuos4Why not 5? I own one, might answer any questions if you have em
3Do a frost blade of sorts made from forging chunks of ice-infused magic, it's blade never melting.
6read the /ic/ sticky
0I mean more of I'm asking if I should go by a name when I deliver things, that's all.And it's nice that someone appreciates my attempt. To be honest, I think the yellow on white coulda been worse if I had gone with the actual white paper I have two spares of. But as I point out, human anatomy isn't my strong suit. Thanks fer cheerin' me up a bit.
3Swamp has flooded and overtaken a graveyard, with the snow and ice of winter.
1Thank you very much0what size do you have/are you happy with it? and another anon said his wife uses the 4, and it seems to be cheaper on amazon than the 5.
Really dumb Question:Do Yugioh characters count as /v/? Or /a/?Because they have a bunch of games, but you know.
91Thanks! I noticed that the Shantae portrait art has thick outlines on the outside borders of the characters which works for me since I'm kind of heavy handed with line thickness sometimes.6Thanks! I thought it was pencil sketch underneath for a momentActually I got a brush that simulates the look of a pencil which helps me feel like I'm drawing in a sketchbook a bit more. Works really well for roughs.You get kind of used to the disconnect, but some people still have problems with it. Makes it hard for me to draw certain types of lines sometimes.
2requesting rule 34 of Akane Kurashiki because there is literally none and the game has been out for almost 6 years and that is just a travesty
Requesting sexy Aqua pole dancing using her spear as pole.A pose like this would work nicely.
6They're /a/ in orgin, I thik, so probably /a/I want to fug swirly glasses-chan
2No problem. You can try to work with more extreme color tones to help it stand out, although yeah... yellow on yellowed paper with colored pencils/wax crayons was probably working against you.As for the name, I wouldn't even bother unless it's necessary. As in, unless you want to be specifically responding to people and then posting a delivery sometime later. Even then, it would probably be better to just set up a tumblr or something and post your deliveries there along with in the thread. People who care about names would just start remembering you from your tumblr, while nobody complains about names or trips in the thread.
9Not the guy who said he was working on it earlier, but I finished sketching it out. Working on outline and color next.
6Yugioh is very much an /a/ thing. Pretty much all of the established characters were introduced in the manga or anime, and that's where they're going to be defined. Unless it's something like a character created and only found in a specific Yugioh game, it's fairly hard to call them /v/ related.
4Can't wait to see it.
6I have medium and wireless adapter for it. Pretty happy with it. Was told it wears pen nibs quickly because drawing surface is kinda grainy like paper, but in reality it's not much of a problem. Surface also wears out as you draw, and eventually becomes similar to intuos4 one aka not grainy. Nib wear is real, but i think at this rate it will take a few years to wear down all the nibs it came with. Besides i heard you can make DIY nibs from toothpicks or something similar.
6Be decent enough for people to recognize your stylesome of them even know your autistic nameFeels good man.
6I've had a tumblr set for years now.. it's just now that I'm finally getting some usage for it. It isn't the name I go by since my actual nickname is my actual blog but bleh.Yeah, I think I might remain an anon for a bit longer. Not really mucha a need ta have a name unless someone wants my art bloge.If that anon is around, tomorrow I will start on the Ghost of Starman.
Requesting Megaman and/or Lan using the net-linked toilet to spy on Ms Mari while she's in the bathroom.
Requesting Jack-O doing some splits, a nice split that has her ass and face in view.Something like thesereference for Jack-O's bodacious ass.
Can someone draw Manus with this style ?
1OR here, I thought you were dead! Thank god you are safe man.
835hope u like it :x
Requesting Cthylla's staff oozing out and forming tentacles to fondle and infest Cthylla's body and mouth while she just looks kind of bored.
8I draw super fucking slow...  also work doesn't help Hope you like it so far.
Requestin Zenia punching another vidya character
1Wanted the anon to be a guy but it's perfect d00d 10/10
18tfw neither of these posts were meThanks, friends
7I do, I like what I see so far. I thought maybe you thought I was ignoring you since I didn't see it the first time until the thread after.
1Naw don't worry. I draw for the practice and fun of it. I don't get salty about things like that.
7You're still doing something nice for me so I appreciate it.
Requesting some sexy Acht in only her corset and multi-layer thong. Alternatively some sexy Acht in only her low crack pants showing her nice ass.
0Seconding, and requesting her fist-fighting with Crescent Grizzly.Because they both have augmented arms.And they're Russian.
Take requestMany characters, full colornew thread rollsWait for OR to request again and reply wth deliveryHe doesn'tPost delivery anywayOR appears, says he moved on to a different request because he thought nobody would pick it.We both happyFeels good man
2I came across all of these items and brushed it off thinking it wont be too biggy to get it backnow im sad
1Secondingcut that shit out
3Wanted the anon to be a guy but it's perfect d00d 10/10I ask againFor what purpose
Requesting Camilla comforting female Kamui from behind and running her hands down Kamui creamy exposed thighs.
2its my fetish anon
701But I'm not samefagging.
2it's not rocket science the anon has a kink about fictional tiddies and being tossed in panties and wearing a dress.
9This is like what happened to me but the OR never saw the drawing or at least never replied to it. Oh well, into the archive it goes.
2You don't like crossdressing cuties?
7See?
7Like that shyguy in the last thread?
1Nah, not like that.
9No problem anon. I'll probably post the finished version in a drawthread tomorrow night
7I'm not gay, sorry.4Thats all you have to say, dont beat around the bush,
2he's not the only one
2That doesen't prove shit anon
Can I get a drawing of the taunt pose with RED?
523well we know it's not samefag because I don't want my fightanwaifu fighting some obscure MMX boss and losing
7Neither am I.
Requesting lewd material of Maya and Lisa from Persona 2. Together in a bubble bath, pressing their breasts together? Or just posing in the shower.
0Why is that older woman trying to molest that high school girl?
8LosingShe's Russian.She can surely take a bear with her own two hands.
8We may never know.Pay the local detectives off to spread some rumors, and you can make real whatever you want people to believe, though.
Trying out this fusion of Asukas again
Deliveran a stream request.NSFW Gallery:
9I generally do not re-request within several days, normally a week, if I don't get a delivery. Frequently I won't re-request again period, simply because I assumed that nobody was interested.
I'd like to request her giving a titfuck with her top still on through that front gap in her top.
5So fucking stupid, this is like fucking monkeys I tell you what.
6enjoy
0T-That's not a puffy vulva.
0Nice shit.
Daidouji as Tora-oneesan, the top and pants being pretty small
0filenameYou failed.
Requesting Valgyrie sadistically teasing Laegrinna in any matter you see fit. Putting her sharp heel in Laegrinna's back, spanking her, or even playing and twisting Laegrinna's nipples underneath the tiny clothing covering her chest.
Bastett pet-play pleaseMaybe something with another cat girl of sorts
0aw yea-Everything else.Why.
3oh i know there will be someone who will sperg about this shitgive it time
0I love all of this, man, thank you so much for drawing this delicious futa squid!
Will I ever come across cute vidya girl requests without weird kinky lewd shit attached to it?
Yomi hugging a giant plush beansprout like a bodypillowAnd a picture of cosplaying Hatsune Miku or another poor character.
Requesting Shark Teeth from the new Clockup futanari elf game fitting those huge milkbags into a sling bikini.
Anyone interested in drawing some Destiny related work? I just want a super cool picture of my Guardian, but that's lame and no one takes my waifu request because it's a waifu from an admittedly mediocre game.
6lol image archive's down bud
3Just draw a loli in a tuxedo. That shit is cute as fuck.
3Yes
8Stop beating around the bush and just post the request/reference. If you think people won't like your request, then they certainly won't like you pussyfooting around the issue and trying to intentionally attract attention before posting it.
3No because your vision of cute differs greatly from most requesters and you will likely never find someone you find cute.
Only animu requestsI would had gone to /a/ if i wanted to draw that
Every shygal request that you ignored
3Not wanting kinky lewd stuffBut that's what makes the world go roundNow draw my fetish
3Cute sucks.
Ryouna being punched really hard and cumming from it9That's more time than I requested?
0Eh some more squidgirl, it's alrightLook at the restDamn nigga, that is an amazing erection sequence, holy shit. You must be some sort of Jizz Wizzard
0I properly posted my request four times in the past, just once per thread over a course of like two weeks so it wasn't annoying.
3Do you consider thighs to be weird kinky lewd shit? Do you consider sexual tension between adopted siblings to be weird kinky lewd shit? If yes to both, I can't help you.
1I see vidya here.
5tfw reverse image search hates cropped images
1Western stuff isn't really appealing.
1Only animu requestsSorry there are only video games here.
Requesting the pic on the left, but with the Mario Characters replaced by the Mavericks from the original MMX. I hope some artist will be willing to take my request.
Requesting Red left using her dragon to tie up Nepgear right with Red saying something like 'Now I have you all to myself!"
6The manga came first and the anime characters are /a/ before their respective Tag Force games.
1You're an idiot.
3Okay then.Draw Red Ring Rico freaking out while firing her handgun at Boomas approaching her.
Lucy Baker groping her ass like Faye on the left picture.
6
0For not wanting to draw weeb games? No sir you're the idiot
Requesting Rider in a Cute Chinese Coat.
3Holy shit.
1Everytime. Requesting Ciel shitposting on /m/ about how she made a "perfect" copy of X at the age of 7.
2This is bait, isn't it? I forget if I sketched this out or not.
Requesting Misha in her Black Panther tightsuit and on/posing with a motorcycle like a model either based on one of the three robots in or her KASHA armour, please and thank you.More references: 
3punished squid: a fallen kidnuclear and splatoon lyrics in the bgwell this blows mine out of the water! GOOD SHIT DUDE!!
9No you didn't. you thought about it, but didn't.
1request westshat on itrequest eaststill shat on itnot lewd in any wayget a fuck youWhat will not get an agry bitch of a reply? Your favorite character doing a cardwheel or some shit?You know what, fuck it I request vidya characters doing carwheels on crack how about that?
Tales of Vesperia characters as Power Rangers, with Repedethe wolf-dog as a giant mecha like the MechazordJudith's suit being tight and revealing is good.Also requesting plain, but tasteful sexy Judith elf chick in blue hair
Requesting Erunaluna giving a clothed titfuck or unfastening her top while still pulling it over her nipples
3cardwheelcarwheel
3cardwheelcarwheelits cartwheellike the wheelonacart
7I was talking about the booru
I want to see that megalo2 girl lifting up her skirt to show her lack of pantiesAs for her face, embarassed or a cocky grin
3Lewd requests are actually being done regularly, so there are a lot of people making more lewd requests now than regularly. Sorry that means every request is basically "loli with thighs" or "loli riding dick" but that's how these things cycle.Sorry I don't have a good request for you. I've been playing Lord of Magna lately so anything from that is just going to be about maids. I'm not through it enough to request more than general ideas for the characters, either.
6Be more clear about that next time, bubble butt.
3fuck that's awesomeif you're still here, requesting squidkid in kenshiro pose with "Hokuto no Kid" or "Fist of the North Squid" somewhere in the image
Requesting Chris and Ryu getting drunk together
33The answer is yes.
40Yeah fuck it, you hear it, flipping a card while flipping a car how about that?It is up to what people want or not?
3now i'll show you!
Requesting Haggle Man porn 
2I know I fuck up but know that I think about it I want some Twisted metal
0I probably won't be
Draw Aihime
9Why don't we just combine Shythings together?Join them. Unite them.Make wonderful things. You know?
2This will happen sometime if no one else picks it up.
2
requesting caster/tamamo dancing in a bikini, with a really slutty pose with arms up as she works her body or runs her hands like this gif animated in a gif or webm please
Requesting Revolver Ocelot from MGS in Hol Horse right pose, but with Ocelot's revolver shifted a bit so that it appears in a spin and without the fingers piercing through gun.If anyone actually picks that up, know that I probably won't be able to thank you, since I'm moving to my dorm today where 4chan is banned. I'll still lurk the archives though. Sorry.
0All i got.
46Done! Hope you like it. Had to take a few liberties with the dress's design because of my skill level, but I think it turned out pretty well.
I would like Ikaruga in full armor using her KP Kamen persona, that, or like Judge Dredd
8SORRY IT TOOK A WHILEHERE YOU GO
spend the night playing Terraria with /v/forget about the new drawthreadAnd i only have myself to blame... maybe i should think on a terraria request while im at it.
9Not OR, but really nice, she looks very cute and classy
Ayame as the trader from Killing Floor
Hanabi wearing a kimono and watching fireworks 'with the viewer'
Requesting sexy versions like larger, a picture of the three being sexy like on a bed and stuff of the fairies from Ys VI please, pic related. They each represent a different element, which each of the three weapons do as well.Or these three with Geis in more human-size.
Requesting Tharja from Fire Emblem Awakening in a cute sundress holding a book to her chest and looking happy.I just want her to be happy.
I AM TAKING MII VERSE REQUESTS FOR SPLATOON. I'LL DRAW YOUR SICK FANTASY INTO A CHILD'S GAME FOR ALL TO SEE.IF IT IS TOO LEWD I WILL WARP IT TO KEEP FROM BEING B& BY NINTENDO COMMUNIST OVERLORDS.IS MY STUPID FUCKING PAGE. REQUEST SOMETHING I HAVEN'T DONE YET, TRY TO KEEP IT MILDLY SQUID RELATED, CHRIST.PSA: I'VE BEEN ASKED IN THE PAST FOR THIS, AND TO SAVE TIME SINCE I WANT TO KILL NIGGAS IN RANKED, IF YOU HAVE A QUESTION ABOUT PERSONAL COMMISSIONS OR WANT ME TO DRAW SOMETHING DECENT FOR YOU TO SLAP YOUR COCK AT FOR THE PRICE OF NEAR SLAVE LABORUSE THIS EMAIL: awjfeaffe@gmail.comI WILL TAKE A WHILE TO GET TO NEW REQUESTS I ACTUALLY WANT TO KILL SQUIDS RIGHT NOW.MY CAPS LOCK IS BROKEN.
03OR here. You guys are awesome!
0Full-Armored Squidloli!
Could I get a drawing of5 1
I wanted to ask for something lewd with her the protagonist sucking out some water from her pussy? Because you know, cacti and water.
0Those squid abs.. nice...Do you think you can work some bare inkling girl ass in there somehow?
5and she is...?
9That looks really cute. I like what you did with her, thank you.
Eggman with the Heavy weapons guy's body and weapons. Has anyone done that yet?
3I CAN'T DO NAKED SQUID BUTT YOU DUMB ASS, WHERE DO YOU THINK I LIVE AFRICA?I CAN DO SPATS, SHIT IS SKIN TIGHT AND SHINY.
0A personification of Li'l Cactus from the Mana games, specifically Legend of Mana.
0I think that Sonic Boom did that.
0mfw i have added you because /acg/
A sequel to this involving Adelle and that slime
9You're welcome! I'm glad you liked it.5Thank you!!
/r/ing Ashiya giving a footjob or casting an intricate hex spell, full of runes and magic circles or something of her breasts like Ashiya dressed as a bunny girl, embarrassed otherwise whatever you like.Also Ashiya in the style of a Mii
7that sounds a-ok to me. if you could, please.
0THAT'S FOR THE 3DS NOT WII U, I HAVE NO P-U FRIENDS BECAUSE I'M NOT A COMMIE.I USED TO DRAWFAG IN /ACG/ THEN I FINALLY GOT MH4U AND MIGRATED TO WORSE THINGS.LET'S SEE IF YOU RECOGNIZE THIS SHITTY DOODLE.
Noire as a dogoo slime girl with the ears and tail. 
8Also requesting this picture of Noire on a balcony in a formal dress to be coloured. a navy blue or a black accented dress.
0
I would like to request Ratchet and Clank changed: Ratchet is human and Clank is now a cute robo-loli
Seems to be some etna goin around here so i'll just drop a wip
Requesting Miriam doing something lewd with her breasts.Like maybe lactating or some shit.
9Lactating glass.
89Lactation + sex and impregnation?
A picture of a female inkling from splatoon playing vidya I need a new steam pic
1I don't see why not.
Serge and Leena as a married couple
Requesting Tsubaki, anything related to her writing in her journal and related to vidya ie Nameless one, or Librom please.
3That pose implies she's topping and pounding her 30" horsecock into a nice tight hole right?
3thanks, bacon! can't wait to see it finished.
Hakuno with his uniform top off with just the t-shirt, him making that same face or something.
1Buttjob denial2No problem.
1Nope, and no one would draw anything related to that, here, either.
Requesting her looking happy that she's finally starting to grow.
Requesting the pic on the left, but with Ike there instead.
Can someone draw a sexy and smoking hot Vulcan from Odin Sphere? Needs to have her fat ass.
0Says you.
Can I get Aire drawn sexier like that pic, and maybe a drawing of her in Bravo Bikini.
0not him, but...JADF already did
8ok can i ask what the fuck you people see in this character, because i feel like this is one of the worst designs GG has shat out
Could I get some drawings of Sapphire please? Maybe of the lewd nature.2Then someone do her pounding on Raspberyl and Sapphire.
7She's a girl, that's all there is to it.
7It's Noel 2.0. Don't try to understand it.
7Animated shaking her booty in the game, and most people making requests around here have barely made it out of puberty if that.
Lionela from Rorona as Me!Me!Me! girl, both versions, please? Or the heroines, like Rorona 2, Totori 2, and Meruru...
2Noel 2.0this is a new kind of hell
4At least Millia still looks great.
9goddammit, if i didn't have a million things to draw, i would do this.
huge_breastsstraight_shotaexcessive_cumnursing_handjob Just give me a name.
2Doo liss
2Samus Aran.
2Oh dear god, Toriel.
2RE Heather
2Cia
sorry to be a bother, but someone i know told me there was a picture of maternity Yomi, and i don't know if he was bullshitting me or not because i can't find it on either booru. does anyone know if its actually a thing or is he bullshitting me
3mfw that's exactly what I thought of when I saw that post.
3No furshit, obviously.
2Aight, that's your prerogative.
2/a/126482588
9The first sketch turned out better than the lineart, which isn't saying much so here you goHopefully someone better than me will give it a shot
Lana being held down and stripped, please
2I dont believe you
2Aile.
2Lightning farronHope Esthiem
0Hey, I'm just happy someone took a crack at it, thank you anon.
9maternity YomiWhat do you mean by that?
Himself
5Any better reference pics?I'll probably start on this later tonight
27Damn it.
2i think he meant like pregnant or nursing
Ctrl+F, "Ashley"0 resultsWhy create this thread then?
3shit tasteWhy create you then?
3Take Ashley related requests then?
7All in.Taking Ashley related requests. Lewd = yes.
6that ashleyewwwwww
6Ashley dressed up as Nu with a complimentary ass shot.
6Bumping butts with Sherry.Alternatively, Sherry groping Ashley's tits and going "G-Virus, my ass!" in annoyance.
6implying I want lewds of this AshleyShe is a nice girl, anon. Don't be mean.
5The best Ashley there is!32Love it. That tits request might take priority though.
2You cant do any of those without a trained nurse anon
6Bumping her tits against Jill's ass.
9DayumI'll try that later
236So the random request/boorutagfag shitposter was the same guy as ashleyfag and apparently he posts in the /a/ drawthread too, even to go so far as to reply to his own requests with characters.Why, anon? Why go to such great lengths?
0Nice.
6seconding this.
6Anal
4Delivery for Shantae as a lamia.
1You're the best.
5Second this, we need more Trace Memory Ashley
1Forgot my name!
3Could you be more specific?
7Giving a handjob while looking exasperated or having her shirt pulled over her head please
1Good job
8I could never forget your name, 24601.
21Thanks guys!
Requesting twilight princess zelda in a microbikini with her arms held above her head in a lewd pose maybe also crouching lewdly? and flushed and irritated at having to wear such demeaning clothing and strike such lewd poses
7A lot of the girls from Cing need more lewdsEspecially Mila
8not or but please have her be saying "if it's for hyrule..." while doing it
3Something with 3basically. I'm mostly okay with whatever you fancy drawing in terms of cute/lewd/fetish, if you'd like drawing her.
1What about Melissa
6Last guy who said he was taking Ashley requests disappeared forever
9Melissa is for cute, not lewds
5Who drew this?
2But those cute and lewd are always together
3So have you thought about what you might draw?Since you'd figure somebody who's so up for getting new cute requests would take an initiative in finding a request they actually wanted to do.
7Tried to finish it, but it won't happen today
Requesting Lil' Cactus from Legend of Mana, using a watering can on one of the two protagonists from Legend of Mana as they're trying to sleep.
6
3Hands and arms are on the small-side I mean proportionally, not how much you beefed them up, but it looks real nice otherwise. Got a place where you post your art?
wrestling femdom
Requesting a drawing of your favorite game character being very depressed and sad.
4I thought so but I wasn't too sure, thank you for pointing that out! Normally I make the heads too big.I draw a lot but im just starting to upload things so it's kinda pathetic looking right now,I don't think I want to share at this point.
3HERE STUPIDI GOT LAZY TOWARDS THE ENDGAVE HER A SWEET MECHA SQUID SHIELD/GUN COMBO THO, FULL GANDAME STYLE
Requesting Jack Frost eating a frozen pizza in order to keep cool during the summer.
0Okay, that's fine; good luck on building your gallery!
Why are squidloli so cute?
0; ~ ;Damn it I got the worst idea due to something I saw yesterday
3HERE IS YOUR FUCKING SQUID BUTT
1What did you see? Details.
7awesome, thanks man.
9I'll explain it when/ if I get the delivery finished
0Man I fucking suck at drawing this
46I put some dumb doodles on the booruThey were fun to make, hope you like them
2those signsI chuckled.
2Could you link them directly? The booru has been weird for a while, and doesn't properly display uploaded images in chronological order.
So Ass Creed Unity is half price on PSN.After the patches, is it worth it, /v/?Is it fun?Or is it the piece of shit I've been led to believe?
2 So Ass Creed Unity is half price on PSN.Nigga.. this shit was on sale for 20 bucks awhile back in stores.
this series needs to die already
I'm actually playing through all the Assassin's Creeds and I'll play this after I finish Black Flag and Rouge.From what I heard it's just a sub par game that tried to lean on it's coop feature, but that barely worked half the time. Story's meh, graphics are great, stupid microtransactions that were later removed. I hear Rouge is better by a long shot.
The things about these games are that ubi throws 500 people at about 2 year development. These people hate their job and work sometimes 12 hours a day. This game is not made with love.
i couldn't even finish Black Flag got bored of it you expect his game to be worth a damn
How is performance on PC after patches?
2Arno is the most boring protagonist in the series including Altair and the story is a shitpile
8woooooooooooooooooow bugged publisher mechanics
8How is the gameplay?Does it have interesting missions?Is the stealth anywhere near good?I don't expect a good protagonist or story for an Ass Creed game.
9Okish. Everyone's experience varies. I actually had good framerate with an i5-3570k and a 970 but there was one section of the city that whenever I went to do the sync it would crash.Although I didn't play with all the latest patches. The combat got really lame compared to Black Flag and Rogue though and lockpicking is fucking dumb, especially for chests.
9I liked it
2 It's the only AC with actual stealth mechanics, So I thought it was good. I had more fun with Unity than I did with all the other ACs other than AC2 & brotherhood. If you're a pirate fag that jump on when AC4 came out, You probably won't like it.Story is shit and Characters are boring tho.
9Kind of better, you have options for assasination, that don't work ahlf the time but you have options. Best part of the game is medieval prologue though, i am so tired of 18th century.
0Does an i5 4440 and a 750 ti 2gb, would be able to handle?I can play The Witcher 3 with high settings at 50 to 60 fps.But this game I never bought because of the shitty optimization and performance issues
9The gameplay is moderately improved in stealth, combat, and climbing, although the climbing is different enough that you will regularly fuck up.Most missions are the same "tail this guy via yellow silhouette" except sometimes they're inside buildings. Assassination missions can be interesting since there are multiple avenues of completing it, but there is a "best" path that you'll probably end up following every time regardless.and while it is understandable to not expect a good story or protag, Unity's is even worse than 1 or 3
0How many frames where you getting?With an i5 and 970 I was getting upper 40s. Settings didn't change much
5770 ran it 30 something fps when it came out for me, most likely not.
9Imageine they took everything good they added in Black Flag and then threw it out the window and made worse than AC1 with control scheme that is somehow worse.No, not really, you have so little freedom on assassinations because you have to kill them with the hidden blade no matter what. So if you just want to snipe them and flee, you cant. Picking them off just knocks them down and you need to get up there and poke him with the hidden blade. This is also true for swords and every other weapon. The best they can do is knock them down while the assassination will have to be with the hidden blade.It didn't get particularly worse.Good, Fartno was the worst protag ever. The only good character at all in the game got like 12 seconds of screen time. NapoleonDynamite
2I found Ass Creed Rogue to be better than Unity.It just felt more fun in my opinion.
6Shay is the best character in the series.
2The funny whore?
2great settinggood gameplayterrible storyAC games always had at the very least mildly interesting stories, Unity does not. It starts well, and there are cool sections, but they reduced the present day stuff to a few cutscenes, and the ending is literally the biggest load of bullshit ever. It's not even an exciting cliffhanger, or a huge WTF moment. It's like the writers vomited on the script.The historical story isn't much better either. It's forced as fuck, you never really feel Arno's pain, or understand his motivation properly. The revolution is a clusterfuck, because its hard to care about who's who, since everyone is so boring, and because of that, it becomes hard to follow the story, and by the end, you just really dont give a fuck.but, its still fun to play, and gorgeous. The city feels more alive than in any open world game.
4his motivation is "muh Elise"
0I meant Shay Patrick Cormac, not her.
2I bought it with three friends for PC because of this sale. Two of us had never played an Ass Creed title before so it was a new experience. Pros:Single player is relatively short but fun, you start to get sick of it right as it endsthere's a lot of subquests you can do which range from alright to pretty decentlooks pretty enoughsome RPG aspects with being able to choose gear and buy stuffwhen multiplayer works, it's fantasticYou can set up private lobbiesCons:When multi-player doesn't work which is like 30% of the time the game is damn unplayableFor a game where co-op was so advertised and marketed, you can get through all the co-op missions, which are mostly "steal this thing" or "kill this dude", in an evening, so the co-op content feels short and lackingThe glitches in this game are mostly aesthetic and funny, but there will be times when an NPC might not spawn or might glitch out of an area, which could cause you to fail a mission or you and your teammates might be killed by ghosts who you can't target.Overall what the game does well, does well, but what it does poorly it does very poorly. I got it with friends and we had fun, but if you're just getting it for yourself I'd say hold onto your livres.
2why? I thought he was written rather poorly. the transition from going from assassin to templar was incredibly dodgy. he thought that the assassins were purposefully trying to destroy a city, but it was quite clear from the cutscene that they didnt know what the fuck would happen. he didnt even bother trying to get a proper explaination, or anything. then, he instantly puts on the templar suit and starts killing his friends without remorse. its just stupid
0well the implication was that the same thing happened in Haiti, so Achilles at least knew what was going to happen.
5The microtransactions are still there, they just removed the need for the companion app.
8For a longtime ACfan, it was disappointing for me.Pros:Better Assassination missionsGraphics and NPCs feels livelyNPC specials have decent modelsLots of customizationFluid animationsCons:Horrible protagonist and story that only gets justice in the Unity podcast interview and the Unity novelMost special NPCs don't get as much screentime and development that makes AC:Brohood's Machiavelli look like he was interesting on his own.Elise, muh Elise, derr Elise.No mention of Jennifer Scott or Connor personal nitpickCombat, while new and challenging, is boring and just a slightly revamped version of fighting captains from ACIII-RogueMedicine spam returns.Buggier than IIIHistorical event feels underused.
How is Black Flag?
I really had a lot of hopes for Asscreed to be that mistery game series about illuminaty and secret society stuff that was gonna have this big ending and everyone was gonna get their heads blown off.First AC honestly creeped me out at the end, even so AC2 was kinda spooky cause 2012 prophecy, I was even willing to accept the alien thing. But then AC Brotherhood gave me that weird ending and stopped giving a shit. So sad to see what became of the series.
9It's ok if you like boats and tailing missions
9Most fun AC game. Too many tailing missions but the characters and locations were enjoyable.
3Yeah, it's disappointing as hell to see how it's become.
2See trailersEdgy hunter with anger issuesPlay gameJolly remorse-filled guy who looks like Madds
Main hero went from lovable rogue to a "muh vengeance its the only thing that keeps me going"Typical vengeance story bullshit. mandatory love story - :im an assassin and you are a templar we cant be together oh wait we can"all missions are boring as fuck and haven't changed from previous gamesone cityno memorable characters what so fucking ever, except Marquis de Sademicro transactions are still present all those weapons are useless, just use swords.
8The only memorable characters showed up for like 30 seconds
8In retrospect, all weapons from II-Rogue were useless besides the hidden blades and/or the throwing knives
6Besides De Sade, Napoleon was somewhat advertised as a recurring side character, only to just be a minor characterWe didn't even get to see him use the Eden apple.
The only good AC games are:AC2Bro in da hoodRevelations not reallyBFRogueEverything else is shitWell, AC in general is shit, but those games I mention are the best of the seriesAnd yes, OP, Unity could be good, but really shit production just made it almost unplayable
4Crossbow/Bow rocked shit up and down in Brotherhood-3
4Heh, I actually played through III using nothing but fists and sometimes the hidden blade.In all the other games I basically just buy the coolest looking weapon and don't really give a shit about stats unless there's a tie between two weapons in the coolness factor
Dropped it after 20minutes, literally. It is just so boring and shit and I don't really know why, just a horrible horrible game.
1I watched the Syndicate trailers, and it's giving me bad memories of Unity.I don't know how they're going to make bucks out of that.
4I wished there was a masked cosmetic in the game that would make vigilante roleplaying enjoyable. Besides that, I used the fists for pacifist playthroughs. Even guards need a bit of mercy.tfw they took out the fists and the hidden blade flicking in Unity
1If you followed the games after 2, AC games had always follow the "trilogy" ruleLet me explain:2 is good, but little contentsBrohood is 2 but with Bazillion of contents. It's my favorite of Ezio trilogyRevelation is okay3 is decent, but everything else is so boring.BF is greatRogue is okaySo in theory, because Unity is shit, then Syndicate should be somewhat better than Unity at least.But nobody knows. Remember that B-team made more interesting games these days.
3I'll keep that in mind until E3.I was hoping Syndicate would follow a three protagonist setup with one Assassin, one Templar and one unaffiliated two-timing backstabber. I hoped the same for ACUnity because "Unity". Gameplay would be the Templar using grapples but is horrible in running and short-distance parkour while being a complete fistfighter and having the highest health. Assassin would have faster parkour, lower health to promote stealth and access to Ezio Revelation's bombcraft abilities. The unaffilated guy would have access to Templar and Assassin weapons and armor, but his parkour is only that of AC1's speed.
1Shit looked good with the Altair suit. Too bad the running animation sucked along with some of the counter kills.
4tfw no Arno+Connor VS elder Shay.
3Nah, you got it all wrong friendo. It goes like this1 introduced cool concepts but the game itself fell flat2 introduced new content and improved the stuff from 1; generally regarded as a masterpieceBrotherhood improved stuff from 2 but didn't really have any OC; pretty much an expansion to 2Revelations was pretty much the same as Brotherhood except it was dogshit and doesn't count as part of the cycleThen, the cycle restarted3 introduced cool concepts but the game itself fell flat4 introduced new content and improved the stuff from 3; generally regarded as a masterpieceRogue improved stuff from 4 but didn't really have any OC; pretty much an expansion to 4Now it's on its latest iterationUnity introduced cool concepts but the game itself fell flatWe can therefore conclude without a doubt that Victory or Syndicate or w/e it's called will be masterpeice.
3That would imply that they're going to bring a significant change to hook those turned off by Unity. SO far the recycled animations, the grapple hooks, the chase, the fistfights and the plot muh revolution seems lackluster and disappointing. At least BF and Brohood's hooks showed enough difference if not in location, in extra weapons and gameplay.
Remember the first trailers and reveals? How they implied it was a horror game?Remember how there's a whole subplot about the creepy uncle who owned the house previously that just gets dropped out of nowhere?Did they just run out of money?
I actually remember this. They advertised it as survival horror Why i got annoyed when i discovered what the game was about. It also vaguely looks like that "don't starve game"
They are using that horror trailer again to advertise on the WiiU
, 
, 
My God... Each time I find a new, kickass companion/temporary follower, I later find out they are homosexual.Arcade GannonVeronica SantangeloChristine from Dead MoneyWill I soon find out that Rex is a vegan?Or maybe Rose of Sharon Cassidy is a transvestite?inb4 you're a shallow faggot for not looking past itI do all the time, but you cannot deny that it isn't annoying whenever it comes up in dialogue.Don't get me wrong, I still love FO:NVand FO3but this just gets annoying after a while
9you're a shallow faggot for not looking past it
9If happened to pick those three first after somehow missing all the previous followers, then problem might lie with you.
9Raul is Tabitha's fuccboiBoone's way closer to his partner than normalCass admits to fucking women when she's drunkYou are Tumblr tier faggot if this shit upsets you
9Or maybe Rose of Sharon Cassidy is a transvestite?My dick
Most of then won't even bring it up.
9and FO3intothetrash.jpg
Companions just follow you repeating lines"Fucking shit."Companions have personalities"Fucking shit."
7this is why ED-E is best companion
9Rex is a vegan?anon I-
you cannot deny that it isn't annoying whenever it comes up in dialogueThe fuck? How is it annoying? Do people of other sexual orientations bother you or something?
New Vegas does gayness well. Veronica will only mention her love for cooch if you try to hit on her as a guy, and Arcade will most likely not even mention it unless you're gay yourself.If New Vegas was written by Bioware Arcade would mention his love for manbutt every other line and root for Caesar's Legion because they're all a bunch of fags
9but you cannot deny that it isn't annoying whenever it comes up in dialogue.When does it even come up in dialogue? I mean Veronica mentions it when you ask her about her love life so it's not like you should be expecting anything different.
5Arcade just talks like a faggot. I could tell he was gay after about 60 seconds of dialogue, didn't even need him to come out and say it.
You have to actively get them to open up to find that out, dumb fuck.
9I didn't even play F:NV
Maaate as far as Arcade Gannon goes he's pretty chill. I mean he's still gay.. but chill gay. His name is dank as fuck too.You got Cassidy for dat booty and the seven pesos dude is pretty fun too. Don't need anyone else.
6I could tell he was gay after about 60 seconds of dialogueMore like you wanted him to be gay after about 60 seconds of dialogue.Oh right, you chose the Confirmed Bachelor perk because it's "funny", sure.
At the point she was at, I don't think Christine gave a shit about romance of any sort. Not after all the shit's she went through.Though she did seem to take a shine to my courier, who was a dude.
6Christine confirmed bisexual.
1ED-E pls
1Nope, no confirmed bachelor perk, just the way he talked about the enclave screamed SJW to me. Muh daddy was a member of a fascist organization, he should check his privlege!
3...what?
There is no reason to hate gays. No reason to hate schizophrenics either. But the thing is, is that there are mental hospitals for a reason.
3
1This won't suddenly become funny the more you repeat it.
3i think youve spent too much time getting mad about political shit
9I look past it all the timeBut when it appears before my eyes, I become annoyed.Huh.
4Found the faggot!
inb4 you're a shallow faggot for not looking past itYou can't just say that and expect it to make everything you say okay.Its 2015 you weird backwards fuck, just... get over it.
9Not wanting to roam the wastelands with qt Veronica, checking out every girl you come across and competing to see who can get laid more.
Yeah, there is one hell of a lot of fags in FNV, most likely Joshua Sawyer's doing. Unfortunately you just have to deal with it, personally I just killed or ignored the fag followers.
ITT:Autism
3That's a mirror, bro.
Tfw no option to take Christine back to the Mojave to reunite with VeronicaFucking bullshit.
So I got the steam version a while back. But I can't for the life of me get the mods to work. I understand there are some manager programs for streamlining the process of activating/deactivation the things. But how do you get them to work?
Play normal guy, can't fuck CassPlay lesbian, can't go scissoring with Veronica or CassPlay as gay guy, can't bone Arcade or get gloryholed by Boonefeelsbadman.jpg
1Boonegay
3Seriously. Either that or shitty troll attempt. New Vegas is one of the few games that does sexuality right.
Muh backwards thinkingCry more bitch gays and trans is the future that will lead to progressive thinking and the evolution of mankind have fun being cis scum who can't get no pussy
4Best off getting the Nexus Mod Manager if you're new to modding.Googled 'Fallout mod guide' and got this goes into a bit too much detail for a beginner in my opinion, but the basics are there.Just install the mod manager, go to the nexus, pick some mods and click 'add to manager' or whatever.
8Boone's wife was a total beard, he had the hots for the spic spotter.
God I fucking hate her voice.
3
9whenever it comes upeh, barely once?
4Install mod organizer, set the game to NV and make a Nexus account then put the account and password in the settings tab of MO so you can download with one click. Its fairly automatic and most bigger mods have their own installation gui that let you pick options and tell you what they do.
8Or just go the general in /vg/.
1Install sex/rape modsCan fuck everything including mantisNot that hard dude
2Or that,Either way, it looks like the Nexus is down at the moment
9walking aroundsee some car crash on the interstatetalk to some bitch in a hood to find out what's up"oh i'm brotherhood of steel let me come with you"sure whateverso who are you"well i'm in love with a woman and i lick pussy and i'm gay also i make "witty" remarks every time you ask me something"shoot her in the head"unconscious" tell her to fuck offshoot her againnever look back
3Oh! I like that! Call me that from now on... Mantis!
1Normally I can't stand her but I think she's fine as Veronica.
5Doctor Mantis Toboggan!
5more like mantits lmao
I always blow up Veronica in every run through because of her literallymeme characterization. Then I found out she was voiced by Felicia DayNow I make it a mission to activate the self destruct in the Brotherhood bunker
8I have heard of an issue where there's warning about "overwrites files" and people not being able to get by that. What do you do to fix that?
5How is her characterization a meme?
5everything I don't like is a memeNice autism.
5Then I found out she was voiced by Felicia Dayare you fucking kidding meno wonder she's so goddamn annoying
Why do their sexualities even matter to you? This is not Dragon Age, you can't fuck any of them anyway.
1?If you're using a mod organizer you should be fine
1ugly camel
8"he doesn't use Sexout!"
8Because I am true to Caesar and can't tolerate profligates shitting up my new wasteland?
2Still, if that kind of thing happens, what would be the action to take? I already checked on one issue that points out not to check every version of things like the weather mod, since one is for the standard version, one for the ultimate edition, and one for Tale of Two Wastelands.
3Not wanting to be part of the Enclave is now considered SJWI want to get off this ride
9Wish you could wear Cass' jacket in NV, I own a one that looks similar to it.
17 and dumb when NV comes outdon't care about Raul22 nowfound out he's voiced by Danny Trejohe's fucking hilariousnever played Honest HeartsGoddamnit, I was really enjoying the freed up space from not having it and a million mods, too
7tfw Lanius-sama intentionally avoids your tight pink boypussy every time the company plays hide the profligate
77Written by a Felicia Day cocksucker, just take a look at his twitter. It's like someone who wanted to write some fanfiction ORIGINAL CONTENT DO NOT STEAL based primarily on Fallout 3 onlyIn contrast, Cass is written by Avellone and is a classic no frills Fallout character.
people who unironically, nonjokingly, seriously support the Legion
7Doesn't the legion mount each other more often than their women?
8Yeah I don't like her either but I actually found Veronica grew on me.So that's at least one decent performance more than that sniveling cunt Will Wheaton has ever delivered.
6I would recommend waiting until you experience a problem before we start diagnosing and bringing up solutions.If you're worried, start with small mods, like adding new weapons or outfits.Adding mods really isn't hard.
3He uses sexout
3I still don't understand what part of her characterization is a meme.Brotherhood scout/supplierthinks Brotherhood needs to change itselfresents but also respects the strict code of conduct she grew up bylikes to powerfistI mean, what's the problem?
6I get that, but what I'm asking about is a problem where the organizer won't start and has warnings about "overwrites files", meaning that something is preventing it from launching properly.
8tfw no option to NTR Veronica with Christine
4Nice job eating up NCR nonsense
2Stop replying to bait ya dingus.
1Oh okay, I thought you were talking about a hypthetical scenarioAre you getting these messages when you open the organiser, when you try to install a mod, or when you go to launch the game?
Arcade GannonI don't understand why you homos ride this character so hard. He's a shitty ass forced homo character with a stupid fucking quest line
3he actually thinks Romans didn't engage in homoerotic displaySomeone failed history.
It would be an issue if they didn't shut up about it, but luckily they don't bring it up every minute. I don't think making a lot of people gay is a good idea for this setting A bunch of NPCs imply they are either gay or swing both ways since, well, you know, humanity is kind of fucked and needs to reproduce. You can also bet they will DEFINITELY write up a bunch of gay characters for FO4, but I hope they are at least good characters that don't rely purely on that.I think the worst one in NV is the NCR elite sniper lady that acts all tough and shit, claims she likes to sex up women all the time. Literally just a stereotypical man-wannabe butch.
2It's just someone participating in e-celeb garbage, don't reply.
3i was only pretending to be retarded
0Launching the game.
4We aren't talking about the real Romans, are we, sunshine?
4Welp, might be no choice but to go back and uninstall the mods one by one.Make sure to take it slow when you're installing.
Only fagets use anyone other than ED-E
3Slow how? I followed the introduction tutorial that comes with MO
0Install the mods slowly, check that everything works and there aren't any conflicts regularly.Basically don't load up on 50 mods in one go unless you really know what you're doing.
2/8 companions are lgbtgetting this madTHIS is why sjws get support. Not because they're nuts, but because you are. and if you're including christine, that makes 3/16
2The other half of her personality:Bubbly despite being raised in the BrotherhoodFull of cringeworthy dialogue designed to be quoted by nerds, "dresses" as an entire devoted dialogue tree being an exampleThe fact that she is voiced by leddit's wetdream"likes to powerfist"She exists only because of Felicia Day. She's a forced character.
3You need to spend more time off twitter, unholy christ.
6Good characters are made into faggots for no other reason than to have gay characters in the game.This doesn't upset you at all. Back to tumblr
9I get that, and only went with like 3 on the start. So I don't know what's going on.
1No, we're talking about cosplayers who fuck each other
3you heard it here, folks. sjws trying to take away fascist rights
6getting this upset about a character's sexuality that in no way impedes the player's ability to play the gameGo back to school, junior.
6The sexuality of a fictional character bothers youBack to /pol/
6How do you know that's the explicit reason they where made gay?
Arcade was gay done right though. It is never strictly brought up, and is only implied.
1Because if they were written to be gay, it would have been handled well. This was obviously a case of picking two characters at the last stage of development and making them gay because of press bullying.
6if a character being gay is the most unrealistic, unacceptable part of your fantasy wasteland, you may want to find another game
8It's never strictly brought upCasually says shit like "If only I could find a man like that"Yeah, nah. Keep that queer shit out of my video games. "Only implied" is shit like Link is "only implied" to be a straight man after princess pussy. Arcane Gannon is straight up faggot.
8not healing boones heart and slowing teaching him how to be close to people again then getting him to pound your ass
0You can't prove thatErsnt Roehm did nothing wrong btw if we are ragging on gay cosplayers
Sometimes I have to take a step back and really drink in that most people these days think it's okay to be gay and defend having gay stuff in video games.It's such a different world now.
1what I'm getting from this is that the only kind of gay character that isnt too much for your wee christian heart to bare is one that is still in the closet.
6Good characters are made into faggots for no other reason than to have gay characters in the game.arcade was a character that sawyer made when he played the fallout table top gamehe wasnt a straight character that he made gay just to be gay
0did you install any mods manually, by dragging files into the folder? mod organizers work by keeping your mod files in a separate folder, and then automatically launching them all with the game, so that you can be completely non-destructive and easily rollback any problems you have. Tale of Two Wastelands requires you to drag the FO3 .esm's into NV's folder, but other than that you should never be doing anything manually. I also recommend using FOMM instead of mod organizer. It's a bit trickier, but much more reliable. is it possible you don't have New Vegas Script Extender? many mods rely on that.
4I tip my good leather fedora to you good sir/sirette of the NCR
5Never seen any other characters run around screaming HAHAHA IM STRAIGHT JUST SO YOU KNOW- like all the gay ones are forced to do.
8Bubbly despite being raised in the BrotherhoodShe's kind of a iconoclast, that's the point."dresses" as an entire devoted dialogue tree being an exampleWell that kinda touches on the Brotherhood's issues of personal expression; being born into the Brotherhood basically renders you an asexual drone with no room for frivolity.
5Nah, I used the "download with NVMM" though it was actually MO collecting them.
2yes you do, there are pleanty of men talking about how they want to fuck women. I think im done in this thread, everyone else but you seems to be
3I think the worst one in NV is the NCR elite sniper lady that acts all tough and shit, claims she likes to sex up women all the time. Literally just a stereotypical man-wannabe butch.Even she was ok just because the whole point of it was that she was compensating for being raped so hard by that one Fiend.
2Boone had a wife, you know. It's even the central plot point of his recruitment quest.
9Yes, and?
2And yet none of the gay characters run around going "Look at how much of a faggot/dyke I am!"
9Boone had a wife, you knowYou know what she was called?
9Manny.
9but you cannot deny that it isn't annoying whenever it comes up in dialogue.You mean when you ask them? Do you feel the same way about regular people?
9These shit tier companionsJesus christ thank you for providing another reason to prefer 3 to NV
5You'd be shitting your pants if Arcade would only join if you avenged his gay life partner. Meanwhile Boone gets away not only with being "muh wife" every time you speak to him, but it being the entirety of his character.
9But they rarely if not ever talk about it you false flag fuckOnly Veronica probably does a little and that's only because she's voiced by that one annoying red headed girl
2Ayyy
7Did you play 3? The ones in 3 are dramatically worse.
9look at me shitpost and exaggerate the traits of characters that are no where nearly as bad as I meme them to be.The cancer killing /v/, everyone.
9Rose is bi but leans towards women, you find out when you try the seducer perks particular to each gender: she reacts more interested if you're a woman.I get the apprehension though that it's EVERY companion but I cant help but feel it was intentional  trying to drive off the waifu-simulator crowd 
7What companions did FO3 even have? Fawkes I remember, but none of the others.
9Incontinentia Buttocks
6Independent or House, actually. The NCR is bad but at least they aren't literally pro-rape
if you like veronica at all you are literally human fucking meme garbage.
127 shitty posts in a bait NV thread and no mention of the best character in the game
2Hold your tongue, wastrel
2The only way to watch that skit is to hold your laugh like those roman guards.
6literal mr.gutsyGuy who likes to smoke, only joins if evilOnly good one was charon
9I do all the time, but you cannot deny that it isn't annoying whenever it comes up in dialogue.Both Arcade and Veronica are VERY open about it but neither lets it define who they are.This is YOUR failing, OP, if you expect gay characters to be like in Dragon Age, going "oh look at me, I am gay teehee!"Get the fuck out of here, you notorious faggot.
3Keep grasping at those straws, you're bound to come up with something that isn't completely asinine at some point.
2arguably Sydney was also ok
6Using faggots to refer specifically to gay peopleYou've either never learned what sarcasm was, from some shitty, two-bit back-alley part of the country or both.
9Is this true? Thats really interesting and a great fact
7best character to kill you mean
3She's not really a companion, just an optional partner for one quest you may just decide to never finish.
I had no fucking clue Arcade was gay until my third playthrough.
0You want to hold my tongue? Isn't that kinda......Gay?
6was one of several characters in nv that was made by sawyer during the tabletop games
4
What's a good starting build for a "cyborg" character?
110 years too late, but I understand the issue you're talking about. You will just have to use common sense, and install the mods in the order that makes most sense. Say, if you install a weapon reskin mod, and a weapon customisation mod, and they just so happen to overwrite a few of each others files. Figure out which of the two that might cause problems of a file or two is overridden - in this case, I would assume the customisation mod might act up, since you could end up with a weapon or two that can't visually show the customisations. Therefore, I would install the Reskin first, and the custom second, letting the custom overwrite what it needs. That could, for an example, result in a few non re-skinned weapons, but at least they correctly show the stuff you've slapped on them. Most popular mods have compability patches these days though, or simply universally work with each other. Modding FNV is almost completely without problems.
1Arcade Gannon is a self insertThat explains a lot
0High endurance so you can get as many brain implants as possible.
3Sydney was easily the best human companion and she wasn't even a full companion, such bullshit. She actually has her own mission and stuff you can find to open new conversation topics with her which is more than you can say for the majority of the actual companions in 3.
3Where would I look exactly for the files that could be giving trouble? I had only installed the Nevada Skies and Courier stash relocation mods.
0High Endurance and Intelligence, tag Science, Energy Weapons and Repair.
1Well I know about the endurance level. But what other stats would be fun to set up for such a build?
13i took those perks because it let me talk my way out of the shit combat
3you poor thing
4supporting big government that is stretched too farall the traders said legion land was safe as fuck and had no bandits or super mutants
2skitHave you never seen the whole movie?
5What about the read of the SPECIAL stats?
NV companions were ruined by "egalitarian" bullcrap because everything had to be even stevens there was no legion follower or anything interesting like a tribal follower.and Arcade is the top most annoying homosexual character even invented. Ironic and hilariously sjw and fags seem to think he is a good representation of homos.
7No, it was ruined by rushed out the door before they could include those kind of companions, you fucking retard. Stop with this while "hidden agenda to thwart heterosexuals" or whatever nonsense you keep memeing you cuck.
5SJW spotted. Um no in fact there was a legion companion ie Uylsses but it was cut from the game precisely so there was not more male companions than females.Thanks for trying though SJW-kun
0Do the Old World Blues DLC.
4No, Ulysses wasn't cut, he wasn't finished yet and couldn't be implemented in time. Nice bait though, nigger-san.
6He literally drops the "by the way im a fag" the first time you ever talk to him.
7Oh I will. But I want to know what's a good SPECIAL set up for the start. Obviously, 9 endurance and a high INT are musts, but what about the rest?
8Except for the fact that he doesn't.
2Fact: Ulysses was intended to be a legion companion.Nice try SJW-kunniggeroh how racist~
8lying for no reason
1But he does. Whats wrong sjw-fag? Why are you trying to reinvent the wheel on the topic of Arcade and companions?He literally says he is a fag off the bat.
This is a bait thread.You literally have to ask them to tell you about their sexuality.
3being so butthurt you call people lying for stating factsI want the SJW to leave.
2oh my bad, please show me the line then where he says it without user prompting?
3arcade says find him a husband off the bat.
31. Get off /pol/, it's a joke board and you took the joke seriously.2. Go out and exercise.3. Go and read a book. Preferably from the 19th century.
2{a bit of sarcasm}Right now, I'm sure you're asking yourself, "Why hasn't some lucky man scooped this bachelor off his feet?" {serious}Like I said, I'm boring.
3Alright, I am going to assume you mean that in a negative way, if not then disregard my post entirelly.If you write a character, you need to be able to enter that character, be that character discern motives, what makes the character tick.Good writer can distance him/herself from who they really are and enter a character altogether, RPGs is a great way to practice this, it's how you can make believeable many dimensional characters....Or you can just write a character from outside perspective with no interest of understanding of the character, that is how you create caricatures, It's how Bioware writes most, if not all of their characters nowdays.What defines Arcade is a complex question, as complex as asking you what defines you, there is no simple answer to that, and it certainly isn't because he's gay.And writers leave parts of themselves in the characters they create.
9Probably lower Charisma and Agility, maybe Luck as well with Strength and Perception being middle to high.
Thank you Gamergate for bringing all these quality posters to /v/ !
6Also he doesn't put out to my advances.I wanted Arcade to be my husbando.
3arcades a faggot to everyone anon.
64 minutes of conversation inyou have to have him follow you firstonly after you ask him to talk about himselftwiceget that gay shit out of my face Arcade
5Arcade is the special snowflake syndrome of fag characters and irl fags. Its like the related magic negro syndrome of character creation.Note how he is presented as a genius scientist character. He openly regards himself as so much more intelligent and moral than other characters around him everyone. He ends up coming off as a brow beating elitist snob and therefore annoying and ironically a fool.They also topped it off by making his entire side quest a wall for the best armor in the game.hey Courier heres your BEST ARMOR IN THE GAMEVATSHead 95%boom
04 minutes inHe says it the first time you talk to him and you ask him about himself. If you are implying you had to dig for it the player in no way is given the option to ask about his sexuality.Thanks for trying fag SJW-kun
4you can get the same armor without ever talking to arcade. The helmet is in a mine near jacobstown and the armor is at the unmarked deathclaw hangout east of the colorado river
39shitposting to the maxAt least try to not be so obvious, cucknigs
4I dont think hes a special snowflake, hes pretty flawed. You are allowed to dislike a character personally without jumping to such harsh buzzwords anon!
6No you cannot. His armor he gives you is Tesla armor. Its the upgraded version of the Remnant armor. It can ONLY be given to you by doing the entire Arcade side quest.Thankfully the creators allowed you to execute him after you get it for being such an annoying pain in the ass.
2Sounds cool. Any exact numbers to consider?
1proof that "cuck" spam is posted by gay sjw.:^
8I felt so awful in Dead Money being nice to Christine because I murdered Veroinca then blew up the BOS bunker just before going to the Sierra Madre. Her lost love ate my power fist, and many more she may have known burned in the bunker. She'll never know. Talking to Christine after having done that legitimately gave me the feeling of having done terrible things that I can't take back, and made me not want to be an asshole Legion character anymore. But of course after that brief alliance in the Sierra Madre, I went right back to my bloody fucking murderous ways. Didn't expect the game to make me feel awful, that's quality of writing. That little moment where you don't make Christine go down into the basement and she squeezes your hand before you go to set off the Gala, I was fucking full of guilt. Good god this game gets me sometimes.
1The autism and social retardation is real as fuck.Don't leave the house anon. The world is a scary place.
So speaking of companions what kinds of followers are you guys hoping to see in 4? I really hope they bring back talking Deathclaws and a new type of robot companion that you could upgrade would be cool. And a baseball player who uses a bat and explosives is a must.
5one of the robots like the securitrons or floating ones would be a fun companion.
1So do you post on /v/ with Kaine or does she just kind of zone out and let you shitpost with her fingers?
5talking DeathclawsWhy? They were all killed.
5I'm sure there will be an android companion.
43Careful with that edge, you might cut someone.
3The Tesla armor provides a lower DT than the Remnant armor. If you already have 100 in energy weapons, the remnants armor is better.
1Tesla armor is medium though and the best DT medium armor in the game.
5Want: Companions with actual backgrounds like they had in NV. Side quests and stories that let you get to know who they are, so they feel like actual people or robots along for your journeyWhat we'll get: Cardboard cutouts with different combat styles.
9but this just gets annoying after a whilewhy though? to me it's just some kind of personality qwerk like eating mushrooms too often or something.when it's thrown in your face like borderlands pre sequel yeah it's fucking annoying but fallout handled it well enough.
5A ghoul in a ratty pre-war fursuit that uses melee only and adds 'fur' to any word possible. Like "nothing fursonal, kid".
8If you're going to use medium armor, you should be using Advanced Riot Gear for the bonuses.If you want DT, go all out with Remnants.
4You're too late faggot. Inb4 "no I'm not"
3Meant Elite Riot Gear, not Advanced.
3you shouldanon maybe people don't want to use guns and want the DT plus speed boost and energy perks.If you want DT, go all out with Remnants.Its heavy so its harder to repair and moves slower.
7world destroyeddegeneracy currently is the worst possible thing to exist and must be cleansed with murder right nowLiterally worse than /pol/.
3Using Elite just for gunsNah. Charisma, Critical chance, Sneak Sight, and Perception. Elite gives you a shit ton of worthwhile bonuses besides just gunsPlus, Tesla only gives +4 more DT. But if you want to go full on min max with medium armor, there's no reason you should ever use tesla helmet, it's useless.
9OP, looking at your picture I just realized there will never be better Falloutpost Black-Isle,ever again
6They should not give each other problems, so it's more likely that it's either an issue with your computer, a lack of Extender Script, or you somehow managed to fuck up using the NMM, which should not be humanly possible.
0Want: Companions with actual backgrounds like they had in NV. Side quests and stories that let you get to know who they are, so they feel like actual people or robots along for your journeyWhat I want is companions I can infer their background from based on their personality and opinions now rather than them just straight up telling me their life's story ad nauseam through dialogue. This is how relationships work in real life.
0Not if you take Goris and/or Xarn with you. And they even specify the gene for intelligence is male specific so they can mate with any regular deathclaw female and have intelligent offspring.
5proof that "got dam sjw conspirators in muh 4chins" retards are here:-\
2Can't be the computer, I just fucking got that thing a week ago.
5Companions that betray you based on your actions or their personality
9Why the hell are Arcade's hands so big?
0True, but the Fallout Bible later stated Goris and Xarn chose not to start a new species.That said, the Bible isn't necessarily canon anymore, but the whole talking animal thing was pretty stupid to begin with.
2Talking animals is fun. Would be extra fun if the Animal Friend 2 perk worked the same way as confirmed bachelor though. If you know what I mean.
1gay man have a large hands, look to the japaneses that draws yaoi, they show a large hand.
9Arcade GannonVeronica SantangeloChristine from Dead MoneyKickasssTETET
2boped :
Embargo is over, any story details yet.
2its a shit for weebs
2It isn't, according to /mgg/ it's still 3 hours until the embargo lifts.
5Gay
Solidus is Punished Snake and Old Snake
Embargo? Embargo for what?
Its out in weebland already?
2Trade between the Federation and the African country of Naboo
2It's not out until September.
WITNESS ME
6wait embargo for what then? is there a beta/demo out?
Ok everyone, prepare your fucking anuses. June 9th is going to be more than just the embargo lifting. On June 9th, Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain will be available for download. It will contain all of Chapter 1. It will cost 15$, unless you already bought Ground Zeroes, in which case you can enter your code to get it for free. At the end of June, Season 2 will be available for sale. 10$. At the end of July, Season 3 will be available for sale. 10$. At the end of August, Season 4 will be available for sale. 10$. September 1st, Season 5 will be on sale. 10$. Metal Gear Online will be a 5$ add-on to the base season 1. You will get all of this as it becomes available for no extra cost if you preorder Phantom Pain digitally on the PSN on June 9th. The first two chapters of the game are pretty much complete, the team is just polishing up the final 3 chapters while the LA team finishes up MGO.Kojima really wants to get the game out to everyone as soon as possible and to let everyone play and enjoy.Konami is cool with it because it gets them money sooner. A preorder bonus of this magnitude will ensure that everyone who is going to buy the game will preorder, and even people who are slightly interested before will at least purchase season 1 for its lower price, or purchase ground zeroes.
7funny
7kief is fucked up man
7They gave away Ground Zeroes on PSN this month, so is it free for everyone who downloaded it?
Opening has about 1 hour worth of cutscene's.Journalists call it one of the best openings which borders on horror more than stealth.Big Boss has 109 pieces of shrapnel in his body and head trauma to the horn causes hallucinations.Skulls are the exo soldiers in the trailer Oh and Quiet is the first boss fight in the game.
2Having Quiet at mother base decreases troops morale.Your absense does that too.
2we won't get any details that we couldn't have got from the leakers on twitter anyway. These articles are for normies who don't know any better
you groove you lose! 


groove too hard.
0lemme get a yolker

lmao

4Lost.

1is this game good i bought it at a yard sale last sunday
9Forgot to add 
1Lost so hard, this is my genre
4I like it a lot, though it could be better.

1wasn't this the last song he played before he left rare?
9oh my fucking god, man! I can't believe I never realized how fucking radical this was
AAAYYYYY

1there a name for the aesthetic and music style of Fate/EXTRA? sci-fi isn't entirely accurate, but whatever it is, I dig this shit
2I just call it funky. Got a real jazz vibe.
6MadworldMein Nigger



Time for Dante Must Die mode:

0never forget the experience of going through this game for the first time, absolutely excited for the new music. It was short and sweet. They better make a Mighty Switch Force 3.

9posts a P2 trackit's not Crazy PartyFor shame
6Madworld and Max Anarchy always winThat shit is the best gym music

9Greatness

7fucking glover
4What about it?
9That game was hard.
4Yeah man. I know. Ever beat it?I fucking love the Atlantis realm music to bits.
9That Bomberman Hero song Bruuuuuh. Is it just me or do you also hear those chicken things tweet in the background
9Not even fair, man.
2Why am I ten minutes into this?
4No. Furthest I made it was to that Frankenstein-like boss.

1Talking about this is making me want to play it. I'll have to give it a go. Thanks anon. Keep on groovin'.
9tfw Bomberman got me into chill DnBIt's never as good as the first high, man. Everything has been downhill from this. Everything I find sounds like its trying to fuck its way through a mountain instead of being this laidback.
whole soundtrack is so well done, probably the best part about the game
The standard 
to this. Seriously.this, shantae is cute as fuck
003Jake Kaufman is a literal god. I'd guiltylessly donate money to such a based individual if I had disposable income available, or any income at all, for that matter.
9That game corner themeI forgot how good that was. Easily the best game corner theme by a country mile.
6Both act 1&2 are probably my favourite albums of all time, I just can't stop listening to them.I listen to them at work, I listen to them when working out, and I listen to them when I'm just sitting around the house. They're just so good.
4Just don't try to sing along to vengeance.
This shit right here. I would have posted Outrun tracks from the commodore 64, but it seems people only post the shitty genesis ones. 
1I would never subject somebody to that.The Stand though...
8THAT VIOLIN MY DIC
8This gets all the beeeeeitches wet.
Where to slow jams im talking baby makers at?
bass


Im gonna take you for a ride.
0Tokyo is pretty damn relaxing.
You Grove: The Game
16My nigga for posting my waifu and a fantastic track from that game. MSF2 is getting plenty of love in this thread, but here's another one. 


0my nigga
0JUST LOST
2
3That's got nothing on N64 bass
Listened to music in threadnot groovin'.Not sure I won...
class="quote"mfw going fast while this song plays
9just for you


4

9das pretty gud
I liked the soundtrack and the game
3dude this shit is my FUCKING JAM
3Don't care what anyone else says, the SFEX series have absolutely the best newcomers and OST. 3S has a good OST, no arguing with that, but SFEX is so goddamn jazzy it's infectious
0That Black Market, just amazing.
will know when the grooving starts.
9what the fuck is going on
6I will never own a physical copy of M.U.S.H.A.
7MY nigga. Seriously, UtK2 had arguably the best sound I've ever heard on a regular DS Cart.Time for some cozy shit:
I am spending $80 on this game with zero regrets.
9I tried to make a diagram for you


0only the grooviest 
1Ape Escape memoriesThe original one's soundtrack was the bomb, even if the other two games' OSTs were great too.

mfw I played this song for the first time when I played a fuckton of Jubeat Saucer this weekend
Don't die on me.
you know it is true
Whatever you have to tell yourself.
The game was fun for a while, but once I finally started to run end game dungeons it became boring really fast.I just want a game that I can go on an adventure with friends on...
Think of all the players that passed on.
2I just want a game that I can go on an adventure with friends on...You can have this feeling with every mmorpg, even today. You just need to be completely to this genre.
5You just need to be completely new to this genre.
55Figured that's what you meant, But the thing is I'm talking for people who have already had the experience of older games.There need's to be something that requires time to play but also feels rewarding. I'm really sick of story driven themepark mmo's.
6you will never get this feeling back. NEVER!
9No anon, the people that left WoW decided to move on with their lives and get a job and probably a family if they weren't fully autistic. You're the one that didn't move on.
9Nope look how ugly that FF trash looks that alone is enough to not play it
WANT GAME WITH ROBOTSBIG ROBOTS OR SMALL ROBOTSCUSTOMIZING ROBOTSORDER SQUAD MATESFAST OR SLOW ROBOTSLOTS OF HITBOXESHAVE PLAYED MECHWARRIOR, ARMORED CORE, FRONT MISSION, SHOGO
ROBOT WITH IN GAME ECONOMYMAKE MONEYOBTAIN "SALVAGE"
WANT ROBOT GAME WITH TECHNOLOGYDEFEAT NUMERICAL SUPERIOR FORCE WITH "TACTICS"
MECH WARRIORCHROME HOUNDSARMORED CORE 3 AND VONE MUST FALL 2077IN B4 MY NIGGA
6"CHROMEHOUNDS" SERVERS NOT ACTIVEHAVE PLAYED MECH WARRIORARMOREDCOREEONE MUST FALL NOT VIABLE CHOICE
6all MEC playthrough is XCOM EW
Hawken!
RING OF RED YOU NIGGER.
9SYSTEM SHOCK
3WRONG KIND OF ROBOTS5LOOKS EXCELLENT WILL TRY
tfw played like a damn fiddle
Miller is a literal beta cuck who gets played like a fiddle.
I want to play someone like a fiddle in my life.
I made a poll an hour or so ago and /v/ decided we would play some Mario Party 4 tonight. Below are all the links necessary to get it working.Mario Party 4 isothe download, extract Mario_Party_4_USA_NGC-MOONCUBE to somewhere then open the m3-mp4.rar. Contained therein will be m3-mp4.iso, which is the complete game.Latest version of Dolphin Emulatorclass="quote"Dolphin netplay guidewho wants to play should start downloading the necessary files and get dolphin set up according to the netplay guide's specifications.
OP here, I'll be hosting a game myself. To join, open up dolphin then select tools  start netplay.My ip is 97.124.79.225 and the port I'm using is 27015.
stream this.
bump
9I'm not entirely sure how but we'd need some players before being able to stream anything anyway.
bump to keep this alive in the hopes that people are just busy downloading the stuff right now
bump ;-;
you can't bump your own thread
6shite, guess I'll try again tomorrow when more people are up or somethingdoesn't seem to have much interest right now
6It just needs to be a Retardy, that's all.
7Well, my room's still up if anyone's interested.
downloading hold up
9Alright, I'll keep the room up. Just say if something doesn't seem to be working.
7playing Mario Party onlineThat's not how it works. You need to play local with a group of friends so that you're there to smack them in the face. Online just isn't the same.
3m8, not all of us have friends to play with all the time
9Any luck with the download?
OH SNAPS MARIO PARTY NETPLAY??Count me in boyo.
33/v/ has no friends.
Is this still going? I'll try joining in 2 minutes.
14It's not begun yet, but we now have 4 players if the anon from earlier is still around.
3I'm in boy!
We now have 3 players in my room right now4If anyone else wants to join please do so.
Anybody want this thing to be streamed?
Sorry yin, it's not hard to host your own room though. Maybe if you find some other anons nearer to where you are that are interested you can play.
3No problem at all! Hope 1 streams it tho
Question. does dolphin's net play only send inputs, or is it shared ram?
2sends netplay input
shite guys, dolphin crashed randomly, I'm gonna rehost real quick
1Wouldn't that cause frequent desync with dicerolls and such?
7Does it actually work well?I know N64 netplay doesnt
4oh no, now it's crashing a bunchthis isn't looking good...
5Uh-oh.
5gonna try again, says the crash might have something to do with opening and closing the windowso try to avoid doing that if possible
There's now a fourth slot available.
Bumpan while I get my shit together
I have ver.6699, is that going to be a problem?
Is anyone still playing?
CRASH BOYSWell it was fun while it lasted. I have to go for now but maybe we can try again another night fellas.
7Everyone must have the exact same version of dolphin for it to function correctly.
7I'll join after I'm done downloading the game 30 minutes because my internet is shit, so hopefully you guys are still playing by then. Fuck I thought I had the ISO already but it was actually MP5.
Finally get everything installedFailed to ConnectCheck back in the thread to see if I got anything wrongI was too late anywayM-maybe next time...
1I'm the OP, my game just ended halfway through because my dolphin crashed. Next time I try this I'll make sure to not use the latest dev version, instead I'll pick the stable release.@ the guys I was just playing with, I'm really sorry about the crash but I honestly have no idea what caused it. I was dying at the bowser part though, holy mother of keks.
6Well, the stable release is WAY slower and buggier because it was released a year ago, trust me the dev versions are literally better in every way as of now. The stable doesn't have all the improvements made during this past year.
Someone host, I've been waiting for this too long
Not affiliated with OP, but this seems like a golden opportunity to link this:
Just want to make sure if everyone has the same hacks set up like me or if I need to disable/enable any before joining any MP4 netplay.
Guys, I'll be able to host soon.
7This is good to know. Before I host next time I guess I'll fiddle with the settings and try to make it as crashless as possible.
I think everyone should use the same dolphin version.I'd say the one people use for melee is stable and runs smooth
1They moved to a new build now since they fixed netplay in later dev builds. Melee and PM are both played on a newer build now.
Hosting206.162.232.66Port 2626US WestTell me a recommended buffer for hosting, first time hosting MP4.
1ALSODolphin 4.0-6697 is the version we're using
15 made us lag badly, 18 seemed to do it without providing too much input lag.Everyone also set an fps limit to 45.
7what's a Retardy?
2A retarded party.
1If you're having trouble try Mario Party 1 - 3.IMO they run way smoother than Dolphin MP
6implying Johnny isn't the biggest JoJo fag
4I've never tried N64 netplay to be honest.117 postersno one joiningAt least tell me if there's a problem, I'm positive it should be working right now though. Port forwarded and everything.
4Really? I've heard bad things about n64 netplay.
9I once played Mario Part 2 with a Chilean. I had to increase the lag to a pretty high amount, but it ran fine afterwards.Mini games were fucking hilarious because the input lag fucked everyone over.
91Well we just finished a Mario Party 3 game with 4 players, ran at 60fps most of the time with a few lag spikes here and there.Usually buffer is at 8 - 12 I think, and overall Mario Party 2 a best.
3Where do I set my FPS? Also, are you still playing MP4?
1Join up, there's only 2 right now.
1WE GOT TWOLET'S GO PEOPLE JOIN JOIN JOIN
1One more person can join guys.
1ONE MORE PERSON COME ON
ded game
Crashed right away
failing to connectCome on nigga, I've got work in the morning.
no mario party
Hey mett, join the steam group chat here9We're setting up again because they guy had a bad iso or something
bump
is anyone streaming this?
9I want to join, but I can't be sure that I'll finish the game. I am pretty tired. Have we started yet? I'll try and find an ISO.
1There's a 10 turn party going on right now.
7Where? I just got the game downloaded.
Count me in brah, just gotta download the iso.
5Well, it's already in progress.
Whoa it can do MP4? I thought it could only do 1-3
How do I know if my computer is capable of running this?
8Download the ISO and try to run it.
8Download and play it?
Ugh, stupid finals week. Hopefully someone will make this thread again on Friday or Saturday.
OP, I can't play unless you move back to a version prior to support for the official USB gamecube adapter.The detection thread for the adapter fucks with USB Audio right now
7Please make this thread again tomorrow I wanna join
33Join the Steam group, we play occasionally every Mario Party game.
1Ok I will. 4 is my favorite one, right next to 5
0How it usually goes is, someone makes an announcement wanting to play and usually we get a room filled 95% of the time.
8I've done netplay melee before, and it was very laggy. And this was with one person, who lives in my state. Please tell me it's improved
8We mostly play Mario Party 1 - 3, though we have tried 4 with four people. It was laggy, not because of Netplay but because someone didn't have a good enough computer.I say if everyone has a decent connection/computer then it is totally playable.
7Mine can normally do 2.5x native at 60/50fps which might be a bit below the bar. For netplay I'll run it at a low resolution.
04 is my favorite one, right next to 5my nigga
Can you believe it? GOTY got even better with a “Free Mode” that enables users to manipulate objects and people to create their own unique photos.
Bought Fallout 3 GOTY, I installed that patch fix manually... Still crashes when I start it upwhat do?gif not related
0Kill self.Write a will.Say goodbye to your loved ones.In that order.
5Nevermind.I fixed it
8You have yet to kill yourself, my man.What can I say or do to hurry this along?
THIS GAME'S WINNER IS..."MISSHUN CUMPRETE!"FOX!
9playing Foxnofun/10Luigi and Ganondorf are where it's at
9i dont think so leffen/mango/armada
9Why is he so mad all the time.
6PPMDWinning Evo ever.Top kek, you can't stop 20XX bitch.
0Fuck yea Melee Ganondorf shit all over kids.
0literally playing 2 outta the 3 meme characters.
8
sometimes, i dream about carrots
6EA$$$$Y MONEY
8EEEASY MONAAAAY
BLEEP BLEEP BLEEP BLEEP BLEEP BLEEP BLEEP BLEEP BLEEP BLEEP BLEEP BLEEP BLEEP BLEEP BLEEP BLEEP BLEEP BLEEP BLEEP BLEEP BLEEP BLEEP BLEEP BLEEP BLEEP BLEEP BLEEP
6I fucking love Prog and D1. They have amazing chemistryBIZZARRO FLAAAAAAMMMEEE
4
Press 1 if you feel bad for chillin
didn't chance the language to japaneseactually I don't remember if it changed the victory audiohis and falco's jap taunts amused my young self to no end though
hey /v/, i just wrote a very simple high concept of a game, and i like to know what you thinkand give your opinion and ideas for mechanics if you feel like more readable version:a game that mixes computer management with paranormal activitiesbdeal with server management while exorcisespirits and uncover the truth behind the gamegame mechanics may vary between placing japanese-style talismans in doors , and solving "puzzles" in PC. with both connected in what happens in the PC and in the room itself, that means:⦁ a spirit may affect how your computer behaves⦁ a computer action may affect how a spirit behaves
8sorry i messed up text
monsters do mad damage but barely give xpmaterials are worth nothing and you're always brokeno fast travelno heal pointshave to fully backtrack through levels or use adrianne thread which you can't affordHow many hours of grinding this shit before it becomes playable?
Enough to get some decent skills, I guess.
Never. 3 is grindy as fuck, if you don't like that play 4 instead which is much less focused on slowly grinding through the same areas repeatedly. It's a bit less complex as a result of the shift to many smaller maps though.
2Already played 4 hence my surprise at how shit 3 is. Im on the second floor and one of the regular monsters is taking out my party members but gives like 1/10th of my xp bar and I can't afford the next set of armor. Meanwhile the monsters on 1st floor are still hurting me but giving like 2xp which is useless.So I guess this is my cue to delete this shit from my sd card.
2EO games have made huge leaps in gameplay improvements between each iteration. If you think 3 is that bad compared to 4, then you'll find 1 and 2 completely unplayable.You're right though; if you don't like grindan gaems then 1-3 really aren't enjoyable. They're tedious and repetitive as fuck. Untold is probably better, butdub-only
52EO4 babbies in a nutshellwhy am I not surprised
2You only need to drag a couple of farmers to the dungeon every once in a while before you're drowning in money.Princess healing is stupidly OP early on, so if you have trouble living you might want to get one.The secret to the second floor is that you never want to be there during the day. The mini-boss type monster at night is a centipede who has high defense but his only actual attack is leg bind.
Kidnap some farmers and have them loot the labyrinth or go explore the sea. Doing these two things will get you through most of the game.
86Ok see the prince description didn't say that he could heal. I've been using the monk. Didn't know that farmers gave you more loot, none of this shit is explained properly.
9As the guy who was just agreeing that 3 is grindy, you might actually be retarded.
Only thing worse than the gameplay of the EO series is the art styleI guess as long as that pedophile dosh keeps SMT alive it can't be helped
9Make extensive use of this.
9The monk is really strong and can do silly things with the beastmaster later on, but the princess heals every turn as long as he has max hp and for every step taken outside of fights so it can save you a lot of money before you need to rely on bigger numbers to keep your team alive.What else are you running around with?
they gonna do an untold 3 ?
0Get bent normalfag.
6I started off with a mixed team like in eo4, hoplite, gladiator, buccaneer, arbalist and monk. After getting killed from the platypus ambush in level 1 I switched to all hoplite on the front and arbalist and monk on the back.Stupid, I know, but I don't have the equipment to protect magic users.
8Damn that's sweet, but if this game requires MMO level planning then I'm not really interested in playing it.
Well, Untold 2 left with a cliffhanger to Untold 3. U2 didn't do incredibly well but U3 might still happen after EOV comes out.
0SMT will become like the rest of Japanese gaming soon enough
4Getting to the endgame without grinding is doable, but it requires dying a few times to bosses to learn how to prepare to take them down.
C A S U A L SA S U A L S L A U S A C
5Wha? Etrian Odyssey's classes are fucking powerful. How are you having trouble.
5He cant afford fucking thread in the second easiest game in the seriesperhaps the problem lies with you personally and not the game
4Etrian odyssey 3's, I mean. They're all so great, except for Yggdroid. You shouldn't be having THAT much trouble.
3I think all hoplite is really overboard.Buccaneer is a cool support class and gets a head bind skill pretty early on in hanging. That stops a lot of really strong attacks like the green bird's chomp and the FoE's poison bite. Plus it can chase attacks like 4's dancer.Gladiator is really good damage and has strong debuffs, but you can replace it with the princess for double healing until you make some progress. And then your party will have nothing but piercing attacks for the pirate to chase.Magic is pretty rough and takes a lot of levels before doing damage on par with your arbalist. But it is important if you want to get rare materials and is powerful later on. A lot of people would wait until they can multi-class ninja/zodiac so they can do magic while giving infinite mp to your other party members.One other thing is that boat travling is super important. It gives you a lot of free and powerful weapons.
FUCKING CASUALS
9Might've helped if you had the manual.
5Getting to the endgame without grinding is doableNo it isn't. By the game's design it isn't. Only having the one pole for every four floors means you're constantly grinding as you need to go back down every time you exit and repeatedly fight the same enemies as you return to where you were so you can begin exploring again.Saying you can play the game without grinding when it's built into the core exploration mechanics is absurd.
If I wanted to get into this series would 4 be the way to go?
git gudI'll give you a hint though. Early game avoid those fucking giant bird platypus things. They only appear during the day , so do your exploring at night.What's your party like anyways?
8yes
8Yes.
he can't get past second floorHe doesn't have a ZodiacThe enemies can't kill you if you kill them first.84 is beginner friendly but if you plan on doing the others, you're in for a hell of a time.Start with one.
8EO1 is objectively bad and there's no reason to play it anymore when Untold exists and still has classic mode.
EO2 is commonly regarded as the hardest game in the seriesstill requires the least amount of grindingOr at least it feels that way, really says something about it though.
3After getting killed from the platypus ambush in level 1 I switched to all hoplite on the front and arbalist and monk on the back.How can you even end up making such poor choices?
5use ariadne's thread which you can't affordThis stops being a problem after, like the first stratum. Hell, after the first couple floors. Still, farmers are the way to go for cash.Didn't know that farmers gave you more loot, none of this shit is explained properly.Did Etrian Odyssey 3 not have that warning on the case that "basic understanding of the english language is necessary for full enjoyment of this game"?
5materials are worth nothing and you're always brokehave to fully backtrack through levels or use adrianne thread which you can't afforduse farmers bro. Their shit  monster drops
798Thanks Anon bros.
0I multiclassed Zodiac/Gladiator, that gimmick build involving meteors
Is it just me or does the game's difficulty suddenly spike in the fourth stratum? Those mermen are really tearing me a new one.
3I went and fished out mine, sadly it does not have that warning.
3What's the secret with that one? Something wacky because meteor counts as a physical attack?5The enemies are really strong compared to those dragons who just have lots of health, more enemies use magic, and you're supposed to start multi-classing but you probably haven't settled into it yet. I thought it was especially tough because Yggdroid is pathetically weak with skills that kill itself, but I really wanted one.
1Meteor counts as a bash attack.White Flame - Charge - Meteor will murder most bosses.Draw back being, loads of TP problems.
2I wanna shove my nose right into her little camel toe.
0Only thing worse than the gameplay of the EO series is the art styleAgreed. Superior DS dungeon crawler coming throughClassic modeThose fucking tasty chiptunesThat perfect old school Wizardry lookwhy is it so perfect
waaaah it's too hard
1I really wish you could multiclass one of your main members into a yggdroid. Not for any gameplay reasons; I just like the idea of you hitting the third stratum and one of your party members suddenly revealing themselves to have been a robot the whole time.Also, yeah, it's because meteor counts as a physical attack. This means charge doubles meteor's damage, which can absolutely nuke bosses.
needing to grind in any EO game before post game
2grinding = hardIt's like you actually believe this.
52I'm a fucking casualEO4 was made just for people like you, OP. Get good.
8Considering you don't actually need to grind if you play properly, then yes it is obviously too hard for you
How is EO compared to Class of Heroes?
8If you need to grind, it's you that sucks at the game. I played through with a 24 man guild and had no issues.
8see2
8Jesus christYou don't need to grind in EO except for postgame. You must be really bad at this.
2Hint: The escape option in 3 does not suck like in 4. Use it.
4I really don't understand why they made the escape chance so stupidly low. All it does is fuck you over when you actually do need to escape.
8Etrian Odyssey 1travel one levelenemies nearly double in HP/AttackYep. Sure is no grindan.Seriously, quit deluding yourself.
When did /v/ become a bunch of babies? It's a good series, tackle it like a man or go play some New Super Mario Bros or something.
4If you're meant to simply escape from every battle while heading back down, then what point even is there in forcing you to make the trip every time?
5Some of us enjoy real difficulty from skill-based gameplay.Not "Bigger Numbers: The Grindan' Adventure"
6what areescaping battlesshortcuts in every floorSimply fighting enemies to progress does not count as grinding i'm sorry, getting back to where you were is always extremely fast, and most of your time should be spent mapping the floor you just reached.2EO12 classes make you almost invincible1 class can make the entire first stratum a jokegit gud, you don't even need a complete top tier party, just be intelligent enough to have a balanced team that works
9The same point in every other RPG with long dungeons: Resource conservation.
3I can smell the Souls faggotry from a mile away.
5But escaping doesn't cost any resources.
6Yeah, but they're really weird for gameplay reasons so it could never work.What I ended up doing was deciding that one of my characters died and then got replaced by similar looking robot. Like everything is going to be okay as long as we never mention what happened back there, look, this one is good as new. The head is designed to come off this time.2I really preferred EO because binds being liked to enemy attacks is super neat. Like a frog has a big leap attack but you can bind his legs and lock him out of that move. A lot of the fights revolve around buffs/debuffs at first and I think that stuff is pretty neat.In Class of Heroes the world itself is incredibly deadly but the monster difficulty is all over the place. I never got too far but the early game is a lot like Demon Gaze where you just kind of auto-battle through everything and you get stronger skills less frequently but they still aren't super interesting/good until way higher levels.
5No heal pointsDid you even play the fucking game?! EO3 introduced camp sites which allowed you to rest in the labyrinth in exchange for a tent. If you had a farmer in the party, you would be max HP in a matter of hours.
3Hoplite/Ninja2 hoplites second round, guard against two elementszodiac guards against thirdcheese final bossFeels good, man. Also getting a pirate with a limit-building weapon and using that zodiac to spam limits every round is glorious.
83 or EO:U are best, but 4 is better for casual players to get a feel for EO games.
siding with deep scum first
8Not siding with based KujaraDeep sea scum are murderers and hypocrites, the shogun way of protecting royalty is the only way
521EO4babbies
I want Agata to die so I can steal Hypatia!
3They're correct, though. Even compared to 2, which is secretly the best, EO3 is noticeably shittier in all ways not involving content. And it's really sad when you manage to make a game that's worse balanced than the first two EO titles.
2EO2 is the worst one. EO3 is the best.
7buy EO2 and EO3 a week later have only played EO4 priorEO2 makes some really dumb decisions and will push your shit in early game the hardest but despite. EO3 improvements I found myself enjoying EO2 a bit moreIt really feel like everything in EO3 gives shit for exp. And Molten Cave fucking sucks.
I finally beat EO1ds, and recently found info about certain boss called primevilI supose is the core of the post game, so it really worth to try to beat him?
5the very first questyou have to draw the entire map, including secret passagesWho thought this was a good idea?
6not doing that anyway
5EO3hardfucking cuck. Learn to use farmer and princess. If you level wildling later on, it will be easy mode.
6That's why there's a demo of literally that mission, to weed out lazy people like you.
0cuckI would call this whole phenomenon "/v/ learns a new word", but they didn't really, since nobody uses it correctly.
I managed to beat eo2 but I gave up on 3 after I got to the 4th stratum. it was too frustrating trying to get my team to work.
I don't understand how anyone can have trouble in EO3. Did you not figure out you can easily grind off of sea quests like they're designed for?
Welcome To The New Age.The New Age.Welcome To The New Age.The New Ageeee...
FOR YOU

6I'M
, 
Is Postal 2 any fun? It's on GOG for a buck right now and I can't decide. The whole mass murderer game thing isnt that big of a draw to me but I could go for a good silly sandbox game, does it accomplish this?
3You can piss in people's faces until they throw up.
3you can use cats as silencers.
3You can murder Gary Coleman.
3It's a horrible shooter.It's fantastic entertainment.
3The game is entertaining, but a lot of the weaponry especially the guns feel pretty under-powered. Some of the later firefights become pretty darn tedious because of this, but if you can adapt to using all of the weapons you should have a good time!
it's one fucking dollar you jew
3you can dress up as a BDSM gimp
3you can commit suicide in this game
3It's just as fun as you want it to be, anon. If you just go through the game doing chores then yeah, it's kinda boring.
Yeah it's fucking fun
3It's only a mass murder game if you want it to be.And there's plenty of assholes who will shoot you despite your actions.
3you can huff catnip and become a lizard king
3Than was an issue in vanilla Postal 2. In the current version stuff like the scythe or machete is overpowered as fuck and it's fun to use.Also blowing someone's head off with a shotgun is always satisfying.
3piss on person's face until they vomitshoot head offvomit keeps coming from their neck holeIt's details like that which let you know the dev's care.
3this, it sometimes takes half the magazine to gun down one hipster slut
3The whole mass murderer game thing isnt that big of a draw to me but I could go for a good silly sandbox gamewell then you'll definitely want to play postal 2. The first postal is a mass murder simulator. Postal 2 is whatever you want it to be, you can complete the game without killing anyone if you wanted to. It is basically what you said, a silly sandbox game. The piss physics are very nice too, you can pee on anything and your pee is flammable on a NG+.You'd be missing out if you didn't get it because there's no other game quite like it.
The original p2 was great. The new DLC that came out this year is kinda shit though.
3The game is worth it at far more than $1.
Hey guys do you think which is better Battlefield Melee or Battlefield Sm4sh?
Smash 4's battlefield looks pretty, but it doesn't even compare to melee's. Melee battlefield prettying sets a "shit just got real" kind of tone with the background while smash 4's is too cheerful.
6I love the look of smash 4's, but even brawl's battlefield had better music
Battlefield N64 is the best.
7Why wasn't this, final destination or metal cavern in the multiplayer I will never understand.
Why is everything destroyed in Sm4sh's battlefield? Subspace emissary? Deepest lore?
fuck melee battlefield's ledge though, holy shit
7Good times fighting those polygons here.
We did it bros. We did it, my eyes are tearing up right now.ONLY 84 days until the greatest video game of all time, Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain, will release.How does this make you feel /v/?In other MGS related news:Paperback and Collector’s Edition guide for Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain
Is MGS the most viraled game on /v/?
7I belive that title goes to splatoon
PC or console for game emulators/Ultimate home entertainment system? Elaborate.
9no u
7gtfo summerfag
PC for both especailly game emulators you can pretty much emulate anything before 6th gen with a toaster.
Why on earth would you choose a console over a PC for emulation?
6This. Especially considering the fact that we are closing in to PS3/XBOX360 emulation.
/v/, I am stuck as all hell, as I can't find this game that I played in the past, as I forgotten it's name.It's some kind of RTS with Worms gameplay, where you throw red rocks/ore that explode, which is used for digging for more of those rocks and gold. You could also make a castle or at least a town, and there is this kinda official mod that allows you to make fancy steampunk-ish tanks.Does anyone know what I'm talking about? Also, image unrelated.
Isometric?
2It's just 2d, not isometric, but it did have a 3d sequel that was made or at least planned, that lacked terrain destruction that the 2d games had.
Liero
Clonk Planet
Oh waitWas it part of a series of games where you not just could build castles but you could invade each other
4Sounds like Clonk
7Yeah that's 2what I meantNot OP but thanks
275OP here, and that's it, and it's fucking Clonk!Cheers /v/. I'm going to give it a shot now.
footballrugbygolfThis is actually looking pretty good for a Mario & Sonic game. Thoughts?
6It'll just be a bunch of shit versions of existing mario sports games. Don't get your hopes up.
2rugbyAlso I'm fully down for a more realistic version of Strikers.
real Mario and sonic crossover will never happen I'm sick of this Olympic games shit.
6rugbyCalling it now, this bombs in America for being too hard
Let the game be controlled WITHOUT waggle and I'll buy 2.
I never see this console or its games talked about here anywhere except for shitposting. How come? It's the only current gen console that looks remotely worth getting to me.
people are still butthurt about the reveal.
games
It's shit.
Just grow up and play PC.
Terrible launch and not many games out for it at the moment. They've jettisoned the majority of the shitty aspects but its about equal to the PS4 minus weebgames, meaning you may as well pickup a PS4.
Because /v/ is full of Microsoft bashing shitlords that would rather dwell on the initial reveal of the thing instead of focusing on what Microsoft is doing to correct their mistakes. I've had an Xbone for almost a year now. It's a good console with a good future. Microsoft seems to be investing in new IPs and new games period. The UI still needs work but they've been doing monthly updates for it. I'm sure Windows 10 might help it out a bit.
Getting a Microsoft consoleAfter the shitstain known as the 360And then, there's the Xbone itself. Kek.
Door stopper
Just get a PC and keep your old consoles.
will buy when based phil gives me some of that voodoo vince 2
Because it's not japanese.
Someone's first home console they've ever had is probably the Xbone
Xbone has been so irrelevant that people don't even shitpost about it
8I own one an am currently waiting for eso servers to go up, get one if you wont be the only one playing it but otherwise keep your distance
8Pretty worthless if you have a PC.
8I've been playing xbox since the huge and can say without a shadow of a doubt I regret purchasing the one. I waited a good while to actually move from the 360 to the One because all the games I was playing were already on the system I owned. I went ahead and upgraded earlier this year because muh graphics and was completely let down by an underwhelming home screen/UI and lack of worthwhile games. The only things I actually play on it any more are GTA, Destiny, Dark Souls II, and the occasional forza.The community is utter dogshit, there is a massive push for the on board party system which cripples in game match making, there are near constant connection problems. The connection problems are the worst as when you lose your connection it forces you to hard restart your system otherwise the wifi refuses to recognize connections.It's a piece of shit and the only redeeming possibility in the future is the vague promise of being able to share games and content with lol Windows X based computers.
4shitlordsSo xbone fanboys are from tumblr?
7I still play and enjoy my 360. Got rid of the PS3. Not a fan of the controller, interface, and don't like weeb games.
7It has one of my favorite games of that generation, and my favorite action game, but the 360 the business around the 360 was total shit. If it didn't have paid online, ads plastered all over the place, and the horrible failure rate, it would've been fine. The console made horrible things to the industry.
2Terrible launch and not many games out for it at the moment.That's true for every console this gen.minus weebgamesFF15 and KH3 are going on Xbone. Unless you're talking about /v/core weebgames like Neptunia or Senran, in which case, I don't give a shit. 4wifiYa lost me.
Now that you mention it, I haven't seen an Xbone shill thread besides this one for a while now. Looks like the marketers got bored/realized their campaign was pointless and fucked off.
Because its a huge disaster. I loved the xbox 360 and hated the ps3. Holy shit they fucked up the xbox one. The xbox 360 had the best dashboard/guide on any console in my opinion and the xbox one has the shittiest most convoluted dashboard possible. With the original Xbox and 360 the games ran better than the competition but not with the bone.All that shit they tried to pull at the reveal still has an affect on peoples idea of the console. The ps4 is so fucking good in comparison to the xbox one. In 2008 only an idiot would have got a ps3 over the 360. Litterally the only thing Microsoft can do is exclusives
They were going to force always online, no used games and Kinect spying. The only reason they didn't is because they figured out it would flop harder than the Ouya. I personally will never buy another Microsoft console.
0There's been a lot of bone shill threads recently. They stick out like a sore thumb
8what games ?GAMES?This console has the best games? WHAT GAMES?
8Nigga I made two threads about it today."Le am I the only one around here?!?!" fuck off
So what I'm gathering so far is, lack of Nipponese favoritism and marketing slip-ups they corrected a year ago are the main reason people hate this thing.
0Shooters.
0And that it's a shitty nogaems box like the PS4. There's just no reason to own either.
2NOPE!WHAT SHOOTER ?THIS CONSOLE HAS THE BEST GAMES COMPARED TO THE NOGAMESTATION 4 and IRRELEVANT U
People bought that American piece of shitI've never really like Xbox even back in 2001.
muh halo and forza horizon box literally all it has right now
8Fuck Microsoft They killed video games
Having enough money to have every consolePC/Wii U/PS4/X1/N3DSXL Master race reporting in.
Why is that there are so many microshills posting lately?
1Video games were going downhill before that anon
4Microsoft seems to be investing in new IPsName 5.
6BullshitVideo games were still good Microsoft damaged them with the Xbox then killed them with the 360
1Could be marketers in advance of E3.
8Why must you troll
1Sony killed video games, idiot.
5were still goodPlease make me laugh harder
1This
5No they didntMicrosoft targeted the dudebro faggots
8talk to cousinmake deal that i get a ps4 in the futurehe gets xbox one in the futureso we can go to each other's houses to play different gameshe buys both straight awayhas no gamesgets bored of it super fastya stupid idiot
2video games were dead in 2000No
4correct their mistakesall they did was remove the anti-consumer shit that sony and nintendo never had to begin withconsole with a good futureNo system made by microsoft ever had a future
8Because this is a anonymous anime website full of people who mostly pirate games and can't afford a next gen system, If you actually want to talk about the Xbone then you have to go to Reddit.pic related, i have a xbone.
It's because not a lot of people on /v/ own a Xbone.
Because I went through 5 360's and the reveal 2 years ago in May was as bad as colon cancer.
0*ahem* . . . mixed with people who have the money to afford a next gen system but have enough good sense to build a decent PC instead.
9no handhelds
It's garbage. Glad the PS4 won.
9dudebros having good tastes Pick oneFIFA, nba, Cod, and madden don't count
7no, he's right
8Because a lot of posting on 4chan is done by no-life weebs who unironically hate anything not made by nips.It's kinda sad really.
0What is that to the left of D4
7Anon you can't pirate games on the next gen systems, i'm pretty sure that was a nod at pc users.
0Smite
They really blew it with regards to market outside US/UK.With 360 they built relevant market share in various countries.With X1 they're basically doing worse than OG xbox was internationally.Germany, France, Nordics, Japan, Spain, Italy etc all X1 have lost massive market share.US and UK will really have to do the heavy lifting for X1 if it wants to do a comeback.
0FIFAMaddenBF4HaloI bet you have a girlfriend and go to parties.
7fair, but given the price point of next-gen systems, if you cant afford one, you probably can't afford a PC worth playing the pirated games on. at least not the more recent releases.
8The poll is convoluted enough without that.
7THAT FILTHY CASUAL
6The two handhelds are the only thing worth owning this generation if you actually enjoy video games.and maybe a wii u if you like nintendo
8It is a very shitty console
The problem is that it's too similar to the PS4The PS4 does a lot of things better than the Xbox, and is pretty much the same price, so why bother with Xbox for multiplats & other shit?i.e. GTA V, Destiny, & MGSV can all be played on X1/PS4, but why bother with Xbox if the PS4 offers better graphics & cheaper online?Xbone has good media support & some niche exclusives though, but the PS4 still outshines it in games & popularity.
1With 360 they built relevant market share in various countries.Only because of rampant piracy with the older models.
7You don't have a vita?
8I don't see many killer apps other than MH4, and that's just one game.
3For you.
7It doesn't do online better. Doesn't do fps better. It doesn't have a better controller. It isn't cheaper.
0The only weeb game on xbone atm,href="#p297517917" class="quotelink"7Yes anon, its called having a life.pic related, my battlestation
8Waiting for the eventual smaller model. All of my casual friends picked it up.
I honestly would never buy a bone purely because of there launch and how shit it wasThe blunders make me lol still to this day
7Now that's just your opinion, but my 3DS is an SMT machine.And I've recently started playing Xenoblade Chronicles.Really good.
posting in a paid Microsoft shilling threadReport, don't reply.
5You could be playing real sports with your dudes rather than sitting in the couch bro.
7It's too obvious they're getting desperate now. This one guy is getting offended heavily because we're calling Xbone garbage like he's getting paid. It's obvious he's getting paid.
jap gamesxboneGo the FUCK away if you're a weeb. This is for westernbros and allculturebros only.
unironically buying a Halo machine after Microsoft led the franchise into the basement, raped it for a few weeks, hacked the body apart with a machete and sold the parts to a glue factoryISHYGDDT
1Why not both?
6Where do you think we are
6If it wasn't for Sega the Xbox wouldn't exist
There have never been that many vocal Xbox fans on /v/, much less the internet at a whole.
8It's the only current gen console that looks remotely worth getting to me.Guess what? Most people don't feel the same way as you do. Feel free to whine about it.
4Stopped playing JRPGs a long time ago and I don't see any reason to change course.
5What games?
2Why play sports games when you already play sports in the real world? The point of escapism is to do things that are impossible in the real world, not just to recreate things poorly.
My brother bought an Xbone at launch and it is the biggest dust collector ever. The most gametime it sees is when I want to play FM5. Maybe in a few more years it'll get some games worth a shit.
6
0Why play sports games when you already play sports in the real world?Because it's not the same thing and is fun in different ways.
4I'm not even kidding, the xbone is literally worthless for weebs. There is nothing weeb for you on the xbone.
8No. Picked one up for as cheap as I could, spends most of its time as an expensive paper weight.
0Ok i understand you're just being autistic right now but i'm pretty sure you know you can't do thing you do in madden and FIFA like you could in real life.Same goes with GTA, Why kill people in a video game when you can do it in real life? See where this is going? Stop being retarded anon.
0There's not even anything that's western that's good on the xbone
4name 4 IPs sony is working on
8Then you're clearly not on here that much. I see at least 3 positive Xbone threads every day.
7Well of course you specifically don't see anything western and good.
8As an owner of all of 8th gen as well as a 360 and a PC the Xbox One is... eh. One of my major grievances is that, unlike the Xbox 360, the friends list and party chat and settings menu, etc, are all seperate apps instead of being built into the OS, so if a game is running in the background and using up 6 or 7 cores you're left with one core to take forever to load, say, your achievements list. You couldn't even take screenshots or send voice messages until a recent update. I hope in the future the completely revamp the OS, but until then it's a slow and sometimes unresponsive poo. Other than that, game performance seems decent. It's like the difference between the Xbox 360 and the PS3, multiplats looked the same but performed slightly worse on the PS3, and the XONE is no different. Except on the PS4 the OS doesn't take any significant performance hit when you press the home button while a game is running.Now that price isn't an issue it all comes down to preference. Look at the exclusives and decide what you'd want to play. Ever since Phil Spencer replaced Don Mattrick as the head of Xbox things have been getting better, but the console still has a ways to go.
0Since when weeb means JRPGs with generic anime artstyle?
7There are ports of Halo and Dead Rising 3 at silky smooth 15 fps.
7There are multiplats, I guess, but nogames4 has them too.
8Halo is shit and I can play generic zombie shooter on my PC.
9thinks GTA is anywhere near realistic
1I don't have any current gen consoles.I think they're all shit.
3This. Snapping an app takes twice as long as just opening it full screen. The UI is absolutely terrible.
9ps3 beating the 360 lol
the avatar customisation software can't even run at a stable framerateI cannot understand thisIt's not even like it's doing anything resource intensive, it's the exact same models as the 360 version without any updated meshes - They've just changed the UI and put it on new hardware. What excuse could they have for it to run so poorly? There isn't even backgrounds or anything, the system stutters just displaying one 3D model which ran fine on a 360 console.I have an xbox one because I won it and got it for free. The first thing I played on it was my PS3 through the HDMI in port. Even that wasn't very good because there's added delay
3I was too late, the shitposters have taken over. Forgive me, OP.
8Do you think all sports games are realistic?
2I asked first
8What excuse could they have for it to run so poorly?OS is based on Windows 8.
8Give credit where it's due, the halo ports do actually run at 60fpsIt's the one thing that they've actually done right with the xbone
8Someone thinks FIFA and Madden is realistic
9Do you think all sports games are realistic?The vast majority of them. Or at least the football ones that I had to play with friends.
8I also noticed the shadows were worse o the XONE avatars, and when you position the camera the framerate begins to jitter and you can tell you're losing frames.
9Yeah, it's a bunch of ports of old games. It would be hilarious if they didn't run at 60 fps.
8Yeah no, it wasn't. Sports game are just as realistic as fucking Need for Speed.
012:00 amwant to play footballsee madden box on the floortoo bad i already play in real life
9Oh boy I can play the series that killed FPS in full HD now.
8You need to get outside and try some real sports.
6Halo 3 and ODST dip to 45 at times. Shameful display.
0Do they? I didn't really notice, but that's funny as hell if true.
8Who hyped for Windows 10 here? Xbone really does need this OS upgrade.
Who /PCXboxWiiU/ broship here?
Does anyone else notice a small delay between pressing a direction on the dpad and the selection moving on the home screen?I can't tell if it's just me and due to my TV doing that frame blending 'fake high frame rate' stuff even though I turned it off or the system actually has that delay in responsiveness

6Do people still play Need for Speed?
0What about halo 4?
7pretending that FIFA games don't try to be realistic
0Forgetting Modern WarfareHalo 2 and 3 actually took skill to excell in, but Call of Duty was just pseudo-skill and a lot of luck and host advantage that attracted so many casuals.
7360bad
2Hopefully the UI is improved, but knowing microsoft they'll probably just make it worse. That's all I expect out of it.
8It's the only current gen console that looks remotely worth getting to me.
3twiddling joysticks around and 'press x to do everything'realistic
3depends what you're doingsometimes the UI just shits itselfhopefully windows 10 gets rid of metro entirely for something that doesn't look like a fucking smartphone
5halo boxgood
4Yes, people still play racing games of all types.
7Halo 2 and 3 actually took skill to excell in
Is there any forseeable reason to own an xbone other than halo? Are there any other exclusive franchises that anybody cares about?
5shitty multiplat console that also plays Halo gamesnot badlmao
0multiplats
0xbone discussion belongs in RedditWell that part is true at least.
3They try to mimic the structure of the sport, but obviously it's a lot different when you're using a gamepad to control an entire team.
7360shitstainbest version of Bayonetta, Red Dead Redemption, and all other mutiplatsbest controllerbest onlinePS3 was the shitstain that had to take 5 years to make a comeback
6I didn't really play that one in MCC, pretty burnt out on it as it's not as good as the first three and I soloed it on Legendary on the 360.Multiplayer runs without a hitch though, but H2A multiplayer gets bad dips when you're playing BTB splitscreen.
0but knowing microsoft they'll probably just make it worse.I'm pretty sure that why they have a Xbone preview program for that.
0Sunset Overdrive is fun. Not worth getting a console for, but it's pretty good if you just happen to have the console.
0Scalebound might be cool.
6best version of Bayonetta, Red Dead RedemptionThat's only two games, which are perfectly playable in other consoles.best controllerbest online0/10
6sup holy trinity bro
3I do actually 'just so happen to have it', since I got an xbone for freeSO is honestly the only game I have an active desire to get, IG have always been my homies even if they're a little past their peak at this point.
9What? Wii destroyed PS3 in sales.
0best controllerbest onlineContrarian faggot
3Plenty of games try to have some semblance of realism. Forza, Modern Warfare series, Battlefield. They aren't though. I mean all you have to do is pick up the controller and play the game and you'll see it is no way a simulation of real life soccer. 4In my opinion Rivals wasn't very good at all. I still like Most Wanted though.
6Don't forget that you actually see more views than you would in real life.
Xbox One  PS4Wii U  PS43DS  PS4PC  PS4Black and White Televisions  PS4Broken Toasters  PS4Expired Tuna Salad  PS41978 Dodge Dart  PS4Old Grandma Farts  PS4Broken Atari 2600 with one copy of E.T. The Video Game  PS4
Any bros wanna get a titanfall or KI lobby up?
4Windows XLol wut?
8No weeb games and consoles can't survive on western garbage, that's what PCs are for. And PC is starting to get a lot of weeb stuff now too..
3This
2and consoles can't survive on western garbageThat's what they said about the Xbox 360, then it outsold the PS3.
2No weeb games and consoles can't survive on western garbageAre you implying that everybody in the world is a weeb?
At least wait til after E3 t shit on MS. It's only been a year, and Phil Spencer already revived Killer Instinct, Phantom Dust, Crackdown, rumored Banjo-Threeie and Battletoads, etc while also taking Rare off Kinect shit. Imagine what he can do when he has enough time to actually build new games and studios from scratch.
6Best version of Bayonetta is on the WiiU and nobody gives a shit about Red Dead Redemption anymore.
Xbone has been consistently better than the ps4 since they both launched last year. Deal with it.
8Until the end of the generation.
3Modern Warfare Battlefieldtry to have some semblance of realismAre you retarded? I bet you have never played an actual realistic shooter.
5Nope. Sony's own numbers still put the PS3 behind the Xbox 360.
8No games vs no games at 900p
8PS3 ended up outselling the 360, it ended in last place.
9Xbone = GamesWii U = Lots of GamesPC = Shit loads of GamesPS4 = LOL DUDE RAIDER 1080 30fps
5Xbone = Games
6No, actually it didn't. Sony started combining sales data with other systems to hide the failure of the ps3.But their own investor data proves the ps3 is still several million units behind the Xbox 360the ps3 lost billions, literally losing all the money sony made on the ps2.ps3 is literally the greatest financial blunder in gaming history. It basically killed Sony.
5this man would like a word
9Xbox hueg at least had all them Sega Dreamcast leftovers like JSRF, Panzer Dragoon Orta and Shenmue 2. For that alone I will say that it was a good console.
5You sound upset sony pony. I bet you're looking forward to the next Dude Raider saga. Who knows? Maybe Crash Poochie Bandicoot will also make a return?And who can forget such great playstation titles as Japanese Pedophile Simulator 2981 and Press X to get to the Next Cutscene Game 28
0That's only two games, which are perfectly playable in other consoles.Yeah man, Skyrim was so playable on PS3. 360 has the DEFINITIVE versions of RDR, Bayo, Deadly Premonition, and more, PLUS having the best console version of 99% of multiplats. Name one multiplat that is better on PS3.0/10PS3 controller was LITERALLY the PS1 controller with motion controls tacked on. Admit it, Sony designs for Japanese hands first, those things are tiny. There's a reason why even PC master race still uses the 360 controller.And you must be having a laugh about online. PS3 and Wii were fucking PITIFUL. No party chat across games? Downloads that take 20 hours to complete? Retrofitted achievements that need to be manually synced? Utter dogshit m8, you should be happy Xbox lifted the game otherwise we'd still be stuck in 2005 with multiplayer and OS.
0It basically killed SonyKeep telling yourself that shill, it's not going to stop the Microshaft gaming division get shut down after it managed to lose another gen.
5xbone
9SkyrimDeadly PremonitionThose are PC games bro.Deadly Premonition is a shitty meme game and Skyrim is shit without mods.
6So PS3 has the shittest version of EVERY multiplat and yet it somehow wins?Please explain.
9you should be happy Xbox lifted the game otherwise we'd still be stuck in 2005 with multiplayer and OSBack in 2005 we had Windows XP and dedicated servers?The Xbox has still not managed to get anywhere near that level.
1The only relevant example you have mentioned so far is Bayonetta and that has a better Wii U version.
6And that is exactly why the console is fucking shit
4I bet you believe when he says they're "making a huge commitment to PC gaming" too. The cult of personality that surrounds that guy is downright embarrassing. Right up there with Reggie worship.
5So much impotent rage!9So much anal devastation!The Xbox 360 was a better console than the PS3. The Xbox One is a better console than the PS4.The Wii U is also better than the PS4 and so is the PC.
4The Xbox has still not managed to get anywhere near that level.And Playstation has?At least consoles are closer than ever to PCs now, thanks to Xboxfirst console with built in harddrivecustom soundtracks digital ecosystem for downloadable gamesmatchmakingonline for consoles that actually workscontrollers built for Western handsdev-friendly architecture, no emotion engine bullshitclassic series like Age of Empires, Mechwarrior, Crimson Skies, Midtown Madness, Freelancer, Halo, Gears, Phantom Dust, Crackdown, Project Gotham Racing, etc
4impotent rageThat's a very shitty reference m8.
8Yeah, get hyped for brown shooter 25634
1Name any multiplat from last gen and 360 has the best console version of it.
8And Playstation has?Actual worthwhile exclusives and new IPs.At least consoles are closer than ever to PCs now, thanks to XboxThat's not an achievement, they just took PC hardware and software and gimped it.
0Hey look, it's that shill again.
8unironically mentioning Age of Empires after Microsoft killed EnsembleHow much are you getting paid per post?
Microsoft shills try so hard. God bless them.
8We've had some good xbone threads but the same sony drone shitposts in all of them. Not sony fanboys in general, just one or two faggots.Looking forward to scalebound btw, heard its essentially pokemon with dragons.
xbone owners are the only ones not constantly shitposting about console wars and just enjoy some vidyaHOW DARE THEY LET'S BULLY THEM NEO/V/
1VanquishPortal 2Mirror's Edge
8Because it has no games either.
4bone owners are the only ones not constantly shitposting about console warsHave you seen this thread?
Just wait for E3, Xbox will be good again and maybe we can finally get rid of the sonygger cancer infesting the board for so many months now.
4Not him but, The only good games I see in that pic is Persona 5 and maybe Bloodborne. FFXV is also on the xbox.Honestly, both consoles are garbage. Sony is in the lead by a little in my opinion.
6PS4 is going the same way, it looks it will take it a solid 4 to 5 years to start getting decent releases.And Xbone still has better controller and online.
3Yes, I see sonyggers and pcucks constantly falseflagging each others. I don't even have an xbone
8Age of Empires, Mechwarrior, Crimson Skies, Midtown Madness, Freelancer, Halo, Gears, Phantom Dust, Crackdown, Project Gotham RacingAll of these are dead except for Halo, Gears, and Crackdown but who gives a shit about Halo and Gears? Those franchises have been driven into the ground already and Crackdown 2 was fucking awful, no guarantees 3 will be any good either.
3Have you seen this thread?lets see:27240909811593784i could have kept going
4Wow that lists is awful. I'm so glad I didn't get a cuckstation 4.
Xbox One  PS4
4I agree, the PS4 isn't worth shit. I remember that pic "PS3 won" displaying all its exclusives and I laugh, so many shit games, I regret so much buying a PS3, it was complete shit, and the PS4 so far is even worse, even less games.
3XboneBetter onlineI don't have a PS4, but is it seriously that bad? Did PS4 somehow have a worse setup than some retarded smartphone layout? I can't even fucking find my messages and requests box anymore. Does the Xbone even HAVE a message box anymore?I also thought the PS4 had some kind of party system in it now to rival the Xbox party thing.
3In 4 to 5 years console will be a door stopper
1someone actually took the time
4The UI is a little more complicated but with way more capabilities, it is also way more customizable, I really like it, and it does have a message box, check the friends section. In the PS4 you have to manually sync trophies that take ages to load, same with the friends list, it just feels like a PS3 UI and everything is so fucking blue.But I also said online, not UI.
4It's a paid shill posting nonsense that hasn't been true for years.
4FF is a multiplatAbzu is a multiplatP5 is a multiplatThat leaves you withBloodbourne okayUncharted 4 linear cinematic QTE rehash bullshitTomorrow Children indieshitRime indieshitQuintet whatever weaboo shit, is there even an english version?Deep Down vaporwareWow, impressive.Meanwhile on XboneScaleboundCrackdownPhantom DustBanjo-ThreeieBattletoadsGears rebootHalo 5Killer Instinct 2Forza Horizons 2Ori and the Blind ForestRise of the Tomb RaiderQuantum BreakUnnannounced new game from LionheadAnd that's just this year, then there wasD4Dead Rising 3TitanfallSunset OverdriveRyseProject Sparketc
I'm so tired of PlayStation consoles being always waiting, holy shit I was done with waiting after the PS3, I'm not doing that again, PS4 is going the same fucking road and I'm just too old to spend half of my life waiting for videogames.
4Phil Spencer rehired most of them in a new studio, they're making Halo Wars 2.
4posting an incomplete PS4 list to prove an invalid point
4Ori and the Blind ForestRise of the Tomb RaiderD4Dead Rising 3TitanfallRyseSo multiplats are bad ONLY when they are on the PS4?
1shillget butthurt when people shit on your console
I believe in Phil Spencer.
2Phil Spencer rehired most of them in a new studio
1Yeah and Sonic and Megaman are dead, doesn't mean they weren't classics that we shouldn't be thankful to Sega and Capcom for.
9Look at this cuck
2Name 4
4all those multiplatsWhat a joke.
6The messages and friend crap are online tied in with UI is kind of what I meant.Forget what I said then, have a shitty old webm.
1Merely defending their own thread. You see, every time an Xbox thread is posted, OP must be on defense because he we always come under a barrage of shitposts from sonyggers.
1who gives a shit about Halo and GearsEveryone, from people who keep pushing the meme that is a bad game to everyone with a brain who can enjoy its quality, and I'm just talking about /v/, outside Halo is fucking huge.I mean what kind of question is that, who gives a shit about Halo? Seriously? In what world do you fucking live?
7all they did was remove the anti-consumer shit that sony and nintendo never had to begin withFuck off, Sony did have DRM on their system until moments before their E3 presentation when they backpeddaled because of the backlash MS got.Otherwise both would be fucking everyone up in the ass.
5PS Now is the future of PlayStation, be prepared sony cucks.
5Sony did have DRM on their system until moments before their E3 presentation when they backpeddaled because of the backlash MS got.You best be backing up a claim like that
5Nope. PS4 was never going to be always online.
1who gives a shit about HaloYou're right, 343's first game ever wasn't great, but there's always room for improvement and Gears?The original creator is onboard and they're going for a more horror vibe. I think it could be good, why not?Crackdown 2 was fucking awfulWell yeah, they gave an outsourced company 9 months to make it. Crackdown reboot is being made by the original creator and has had a few years in gestation now.Spotting a pattern now? Maybe Phil Spencer can turn this ship around, just give him time.
If turn 10 was told to take a small break off of Forza after Forza6, what kind of racing game would/should they make?PGR in a future where it's always nighttime and the cities are brightly lit
2name 4 IPs sony is working onBloodborneDeep DownLet it DieNo Man's SkyWiLDEverybody's Gone to the RaptureRimeThe Tomorrow Children
5I literally mentioned every PS4 game in his post9Yep, if he gets to post multiplats then so do I6Exactly
7Yep, if he gets to post multiplats then so do IIt's pretty hypocritical to complain about multiplats and then post a bunch of multiplats.
1God I hate Sony.And by hate I mean I really dislike their games.
7You didn't include the PS4 Ratchet and Clank game scheduled for release early next year.It goes without saying you likely missed more as well since you clearly didn't look very thoroughly
8Nope, it's true. Not officially announced yet, probably at E3 though.
7So you automatically hate anything that's made by Sony?
41I got the real list for you fanboys class="quote"MUH NO WILDget your indie shit in the trashcan
8worse hardwareno good exclusivessame multiplats as PS4At least PS4 has Bloodborne
1So how do you got this information? Are you a Microsoft employee?
1BloodborneUh, they finished that a while ago. Also less than a million sales, so no sequel likely.Deep DownVaporware. Also, Capcom-owned not Sony.No Man's SkyPC, not exclusive or owned by Sony.There's your list.WiLDEverybody's Gone to the RaptureRimeThe Tomorrow ChildrenLet it DiePretty shit. Literally all downloable indie games. WOW SONY INVESTING SO MUCH INTO NEW IP, SO MUCH
4I have both.PS4 UI is 100x better for me. it's simple, intuitive and easyXbox One tried to change to much. They made everything into "apps" which require that you snap it to the side of the game to access. And It's overly complicated without voice commands.
9wild indieI hope you are just pretending.
9I would be way more interested in the Wii U if the games were cheaper.
9Those are still 5 games m8, you only asked for 4.
9Bloodborne...Also less than a million sales, so no sequel likely.Last I heard it far exceeded their sales expectations. I sense you're acting as if you're a moron to bait.insert that one .jpgyou know the one
4Okay, I'll hold your hand for you. Here is a list of 100% exclusives for this holiday.XboneHalo 5Quantum BreakBanjo-ThreeieForza 5Fable LegendsScalebound / Crackdown whichever finishes firstPS4Tomorrow Children Rime Quintet whatever Deep DownUncharted was delayed til next year btwNotice how one of those lists has actual games with actual budgets, and one is purely outsourced non-retail indieshit?
2They made everything into "apps" which require that you snap it to the side of the game to access.That's not true though, every app has a snap and a regular version, you can snap archievements or you can view them full screen, same with friends, parties, etc. But you can access them the regular way from the apps library, or the pin menu if you have them there.
8According to vgchartz Bloodborne has already sold more than 900 000 copies, so it's almost certainly going to sell more than a million.
9Also less than a million sales,Boy are you retarded.
6Notice how one of those lists has actual games with actual budgets, and one is purely outsourced non-retail indieshit?That pretty much defines the library of the Xbox One vs. PS4.
0If I'm in a game and want to open party it automatically snaps it which is fucking annoying to me.Also not having party lobbies in any of the games I play is fucking stupidtry to play with friendshave to join each individual game separately and hope we're on a team
recieve xboner as a giftenjoy itdunno niggers. I enjoyed the fuck out of mine. I also like that games look much more colorful and vibrant than on ps4... I also honestly think that xbone does aa better with lesser af and "soap", despite sometimes lower res.
9I'm not going to spend hours scouring lists of shit to pick out hidden gems read:more shit to defend your glory. Do it yourself sonygger.
2Vgchartz hasn't been updated in forever. Sony themselves said BB sold a million and that was months ago.
6None of those PS4 games are indie.Also, Banjo-Threeie is only a rumor, Fable Legends is not exclusive, Scalebound doesn't have a release date and neither does Crackdown.
5Nah, he probably just hates games that try to be movies.Yo know, like any self-respecting vidya fan would.
7Is Bloodborne a movie?
0Ratchet and ClankHiddenJust say you don't know shit.
5No, but at the moment it's the only game that ps4 has
6I am actually in the closed beta for fable legends I like it.
7The PS4 has four games m8.
5Impressive.jpg
7As opposed to the nothing of the bone?
Xbox One = GamesPS4 = No gamesThe choice is obvious. You want games.
.8last I heard, PR told me it was doing great!Hmmm, I wonder why they would do such a thing...
6Banjo-ThreeieBecause that's actually been announced and slated for this holidayidiot
4To bad the games are all shit.
I'd buy the bone in a heartbeat if it still ran 360/X1 games.
3my opinion is the saint truth
8It is. Get cucked.
7None of those PS4 games are indie.Semantics. They are indie-quality games with indie budgets and probably only like 10 people working on them. Oh, and they will NOT BE IN SHOPS. Comparing them to big blockbuster games like Halo and Remedy's new game is desperate. Fable Legends is not exclusiveToucheScalebound doesn't have a release date and neither does Crackdown.no release dates means they don't exist!Realistically, at least one of them will come out soon. They've both had a few years of development.Banjo-Threeie is only a rumorIt's the industry's worst kept secret. Maybe we should wait til after E3 to have this discussion if that makes you feel betterThat's still 5 AAA titles vs 5 indieshits
1you're epic bro lol
8Really? Ratchet is your dark horse? Pretty sure both Microsoft and Nintendo have better platformer IPs than that.
5The exception proves the rule.
Gears of War Remaster for Xbox oneActually there a chance that it is retro-compatibility with xbox 360 games because the game didn't look remastered in the leaked screenshots.That might be the surprise they teased for E3.
0fh2, titanfall, ki,sso, halo chef ainsley edition + the same games ps4 hasFurthemore the ms e3 will probably devastate sony
8Don't forget Ori, D4, State of Decay, and Dead Rising 3 surprisingly underrated
8The last 3 games are available on PC too
8the same games PS4 hasThis is the clincher for me, really. Every big game coming to PS4 shy of Bloodborne is coming to the Bone, on top of actual exclusives. Meanwhile PS4 is sharing all its other big guns with last-gen or PC releases.
4Yes, but we are talkung console vs console know. No shit pc is better, next thing you gonna bring up is kek pc is more powerful lol.
8Remakes, shovelware and multiplats: the list.
0When you compare console v. console PS4 has all sorts of shit like Persona, Tales and Yakuza that Xbox don't
0Persona, Tales and YakuzaThose are on PS3/Vita too. Why should I buy a PS4 for them?
1Are you merely pretending to be retarded?
1You shouldn't, but it's only fair to count them when you're also counting games on PC for Xbox
5microsoftplatformer IPYou can give up now
Tell me this, captain. If the federation is so great, then why are there no good Star Trek games?
Dukat, if the Cardassian Union is so great, why are there NO Cardassian games, good or otherwise?
What video game can I play as a commander of a squadron of 20 good men or so?
Fire Emblem
1You already made this thread.
XCOM
8Stannis loves that game.
1Bladestorm Nightmare. You can play as the commander of multiple squadrons of 20 good men or so and switch between the different squads.
120 men squadThat's more like a platoon. Get your unit hierarchy straight.
OYSTERS
1squadronYou're not talking about the fucking Air Force. Use the correct terminology, OP.
0CLAMS
0CLAMS
/tv/ infecting other boards with their shit memes againfuck off back to your board
Unliterary faggot here.Please tell me stanis leaves that fire bitch in the dirt and starts listening to his friend.
1Warband, you can go solo or get a crew together of anywhere up to 300 in the end game. 20 is enough to do almost anything if you're good though.With fire and sword if you need guns.
AND CUCKOLDS
1Go back to /tv/
7splatoonyou play as a squad and not a platoonit should have been fucking called Squid Squad
1Could anyone beat shirtless Ramsay with 20 good men and some hounds?
2Well the show is not even following the books anymore so who knows
5Squid Fire Team would probably be more appropriate.
Star Wars Battlefront.You start with 180 I think, but the ones that die stay dead, and the ones that survive get tougher. By the end, you've got about 20 war heroes that mop the floor with armies 10 times their size.
2After that heartfelt scene where Stannis is like "You're my daughter", y'know what he fucking does? **SPOILER**. He goddamn burns his daughter to death, even Stannis' wife tried to stop him, but he continued nevertheless.
1The meme has spreadDear god...
6**SPOILER**
1Obviously Mount and Blade.
12AND CUCKOLDS
2In the books? Well he leaves Melissandre, his wife and child at the wall and he goes alone to Winterfell. Mel is pretty cool in the books till now though.
4 I'm sorry [\spoiler]
1Only after you burn your own daughter, can you get 20 good men in vidya.
1ArmaTo make it even better get Voice Attack or something so you can use voice commands
Dan and David: What kind of adaptation do you want?George: Just fuck my books up
1watch recent episodeThey fucking emphasize three times that 20 men came into the camp and set fire to it.No wonder its a meme
It's like D&D took the time and effort to do as much wrong as physically possible with the show.Like Jesus fuck, every plot point, every character, it's all gone to shit.
1based ramsay
6He's clearly not asking about the show you illiterate moron.
6What was with that Dorne bitch SUDDENLY having a polite conversation with Jamie?
2In the books, none of them are even with him. Davos is away on some other diplomatic mission, Mel, his daughter and his wife are left behind at Castle Black because it's safer there than bringing a child through a hellish winter with an army camp for war.But the show goes full retard. Ignore it, honestly. Season 5 has been bad fanfiction. I can't believe they axed the entire Greyjoy stuff and made Dorne into a joke.
7Please tell me the necromancy scene was at least somewhat accurate.
2A platoon is around 40 men.
4Yeah but we got to see Kelly C ride her dragon :D
0Which part? Do you mean Qyburn and the Mountain? That is. If they follow the books, you'll see the result next episode. If you mean the White Walker stuff in episode 8, not in the books.
9threat of death.
9The wheel chair dude wants to fuck the lanisters too and she knows this but he wants to not fuck up like oberyn and make a show. Tristan is gonna be like a sleeper cell agent in kings landing
good menTwenny Twenny good menGimmie Twenny good menTwenny Twenny good menTwenny good men, that's all I needGimmie Twenny good men and I'll make Stannis bleedI'll burn all his rations, put his horses to the slaughterTwenny men can do some damage, but he burned his own daughter
0They even managed to screw that part up. Yeah, it happened in the books, but not like that. In the books, it made sense for her to take her out of control dragon for a ride. In the show, she just left Jorah and co. to die, since they're still surrounded by the Harpies. Not that the show will follow through with that and just try to pretend they all forgot about things and left for some stupid reason.
7Naw, that cunts too salty too feign a polite fuck you like she did
0Maybe they ran because a motherfucking dragon started breathing fire at them
1X-Com
3Anyone have the Jaime in Dorne one? And are there more of these?
1They were perfectly happy to try and bring it down with spears before. Why would that change after it leaves?Also, why didn't someone just lob one of those spears at Dany?
0Show logic may be since Dany is gone the reason for the attack is gone. I guess.Killing her trusted counsel and soldiers would still seem important for the native population of terrorists
1Valkyria chroniclesyou get 20 squaddies + story units
0to be fair why would the Harpies kill them? with Danerys gone what importance are one advisor, a handmaiden and a mercenary captain?
1Why is /tv/ so shitty? Fuck off
6
00Whyin the FUCKdid they kill Shireen BEFORE having Dany ride her dragon?You see this horrible, dramatic death- the climax of the episode, and then you're supposed to be happy cause Dany's finally riding her dragon.They could've made the episode a thousand times better by just switching the order of these two scenes.and then the credits song would be everyone would cry bitch tears.
6If I remember she conquered with 3 and one came out of nowhere and started burning them alive. Other 2 could come for all they know.
2because dragons are so cool manlike, they breath fire, and eat people. the sheep want to see a dragon at the end
39They were initiating terrorist attacks against the Unsullied and trying to kill as many of them as they could. As well as Selmy which is such BS compared to how Selmy is in the books. They were trying to kill all the foreigners, not just Dany. Hell, even after Jorah took Dany away, one was trying to kill her handmaiden rather than chasing after her initially. Why would that suddenly change? I don't D&D thought of things like this, though. Hell, Jorah, infected with Greyscale, just took Dany by the hand, technically infecting her. I don't think they put much thought into the results and consequences their changes might have.
6Who cares anon. Danny got her dragon back 10/10 episode. I fucking hate plebs
2Totally agree.
2did they kill Shireen BEFORE having Dany ride her dragon?this. I wasn't hit by that as much as alot of people, I mean its fucked up and I feel bad for Davos but its really just kinda meh to me but it should have been the last part of the episode. but the big "death" of this season is going to be Jon next week.
2Seriously. Who cares if Kelly C is a shitty ruler who fucks up every opportunity she's handed and bogs the show down with her boring story. Dragons!!!
9Jon dies?;_;
Show doesn't have Patchface hanging out with Shireen and making his creepy but normally accurate prophecies, therefore it's shit.
2In the show only the scaley part infects idiot
2Oh god, my mother is one of those people. MUH DWAGONSPlease tell me Danny dies soon.
2In the showFurther proof it's shit.
3Nope, but this will happen
3maybe. last book ended with him getting stabbed a bunch of times by some Nightwatch guys.it's most likely gonna be he gets shanked by a bunch of the Nightswatch or just the one kid who's been given him the evil eye and he's gonna fall into the snow and an aerial shot pulling out as a pool of blood grows from Jon.
3Nope. Maybe she gets diarhea though. At least we more dumbass Danny one linersI'M GOIN TO BREAK THE WHEELWE WON'T DIE BECAUSE WE'RE NOT MENI AM THE MOTHER OF DRAGONS BITCH
6Stannis did nothing wrong. Stand with Stannis. He's a man who makes the hard choices that no one else can.
8Like JC Denton.

3dannydyinggood one. Danny and john are two heads, third is on the table but it is probably tyrion.
9not the webm of Tyrion telling everyone during the courtroom scene.
9B-b-but its worst than satan to kill a childalthough it was still kinda stupid and fanfictiony
3hes gang stabbed, but hes never confirmed dead. show skipped it so resurrection probably planned.
7Well i dont have it. post it faggot
7Dorne was already a pointless joke, Dumb & Dumber just made it an even more pointless joke
7Man that courtroom scene was probably the last good bit of acting the show has seen.
3I'm mad that everyone forgave Dorne because sand snek titties
3Dorne was already a pointless jokeI don't know man, that one Sand Snake has my Man Snake all interested.
7stupidR'hllor requires sacrifice.
3he doesn't knowA zerg player using the ID JonSnowDies was at the top of the EU ladder for SC2 for like 6 months 2 years ago back when everyone played it.I thought it was common knowledge by now.
9This may be shocking, nut only people with no life and South Koreans play SC2
3If Davos is going to the Wall he might end up saving Jon
3I'm not sure what they will do in kings landingWalk of shame showfag
1Jagged Alliance games, X-COM or XCOM, Xenonauts, Massive Chalice. Final Fantasy Tactics too, if you think about it.
3I'm not sure what they will do in kings landingCersei is gonna walk through Kings Landing Naked and then pass fall down and gets carried by Frankenmoutain.
3I'm not sure what they will do in kings landingSlutwalk
8Nigga its pretty obvious that we can't go by the books at this point. Audience calls for blood
7
7Danny and john are two heads, third is on the table but it is probably tyrion.Yeah, but Jon's fucking dead.
23
Except George was the one who gave them the sceneI think he wants the show to diverge from his books for a reason
3You have clearly not read the books my friend.
9Too old.
9Cute!
4tits though
2They will never kill off John. He is one of the favorites. They will leave us in suspense but they will bring him back.
2He's not even dead in the fucking books.
7Too old
6R'HLLOR HUNGERS
Why are /tv/ the biggest fucking meemers out there? /v/ can't even come close with their pathetic attempts.
7brown nipplesinto the trash it goes
1Why is suddenly the last week episode a meme and not the most recent one?Besides, why are there no riding dragon threads?
0You know nothing, anon.1Fucker got his ass shanked by a group of me, IIRC. We'll know for sure whether he's alive or dead when that next damn book comes out.
Provided you dont suck dicks. Squad leads 12 man crews. Platoon leads up to 48 man crews made of 4 squads. They are all players though, so make sure you go Terran, find the MERC outfit, and pledge. I say this because most of the Vanu are japs, and most of the NC are children.
013
Melly Sanders will sacrifice shireen at the wall to rez Jon in the booksThis will still be the effect of Shireen's sacrifice in the show, melly actually orchestrated the fire herself, not shirtless man and the "twenty good men" but it will make way less sense because in the books she'll do it without Stanny's knowledge or consent while staying at the wall and therefore closer to Jon and D&D went out of their way to twist the plot around JUST to have Stannis give the sacrifice his official thumbs up because they hate Stannis and are STILL butthurt that he killed their gay crush Renly
Won't the wildlings end up helping stannis because the Boltons aren't gonna be to chummy
As a matter of fact, it is called DoW2, where you literally command 20 or so men and save the galaxy
2no They are only agreed to help the nights watch when the time comes
3There is no one protecting them from 20 good men. Surely they know they are outsiders and know that stannis is the least likely to fuck them
1The jonautist is on /v/ too?
7Which part is untrue?Do share
1They're about the get fucked.
4What? The White Walkers are capable of raising the dead in the books.
1There is a high chance he is actually dead in the books and that is why Mel burns Shireen to resurrect Jon and none of this sunny day nonsense 
920 good men are Stannis' kryptonite, shirtlessness and dogs are the ironborn's. Anyone else could beat them.
4He said he had plans for Shireen burning. Not Stannis doing it, though.
4kneeling for a king that killed their leader so they can fight 20 good men not joining the 20 good men you underestimate wildlings
4I thought preview chapters confirm he's alive
7He gets resurrected just like the prophecy but of course the show tells you nothing about the prophecy 
3Making riding dragon a memeToo easy.
3They have 6 million an episode on averageProbably had ~3 million extra for the last 2 episodesAnd we had the most god damn atrocious CGI for the Drogon/Dany sceneHow much of this money is wasted on making sure Emilia Clarke keeps sucking DB Weiss' dick?
2they think dragons are cooler than burning childs, thats wrong
Too. Old
It's no wonder those jews hate Stannis so much.Stoic, places duty before himself, not ambitious, sees what has to be done and does it for the realm.The latest commentary really shows how far off they really are:UHH YEAH STANNIS HE'S JUST SO AMBITIOUS MAN OH YEAH UHH FUCK FAMILY AM I RIGHT OUR MINDS BLOOWN MAAAN OH AND THE DRAGON LADY HAS THIS SPECIAL CONNECTION WITH HER DRAGONS YO LIKE KHALEESIM MAAANG
2There's photos from the set of the Walk of Shame. Cleganebowl will be teased too.
11st second of episode 10 preview is that place in the Vale where Arya left the Hound to dieBOWL IS ON
3implying the next book is coming out
2GET READY! GET HYPE!
2OH SHIT IT ISCLEGANEBOWL CONFIRMED
5XCOMHe said good men annon. XCOM soldiers can't hit a 90% chance if their life depends on it. And it often does.
MGS: Peace Walker
2XCOM soldiers can't hit a 90% chanceis that counting the enemies dodge chance?
7Hell, Stannis outright tells his lieutenant to put Shireen on the throne if anything happens to him, so it's obvious he isn't planning to sacrifice her at any point.
7Dorne was always a fucking joke.
How you want your daughter, fam?
reading the booksWay to cuck yourself out of enjoying the tv series,
9Stand with Stannis. He's a mannis who makes the hard choices that no one else cannis.
7crows eye approves
7It's a really small platoon.
7Davos is away on some other diplomatic missionHe's going to cannibal island or something to find the Stark kid forgot his name sorry
5Rickon.
1enjoying the tv series
6melly sanders
pic relatedprobably best men
7Third is Aegon.
3Too old.
So I'm about to play this for the first time. I've played and beat 1 and 2 many times. I've heard it's not as great as the first 2 but I'm going in open-minded. Tell me /v/. What am I in for?
No partners.
It's not an rpg
6How about you go and play it and then come back to post your own opinion, you dip?
But It has a somewhat good story and is fun 75% of the time, but some of the pixels partner replacements are useless
It's fun but different from the first two. Not like Star fox adventures different, but no partners, no rpg, and different art style.All the characters and enemies are just colored squares, but the dialogue is hilarious and it's a fun game overall.You don't really need to be open-minded to enjoy it, it's awesome, just a little different.
6this is my favorite in the series. the only thing I didn't care for was the clunky use of 3d approximating enemy distance is kind of difficult in 3rd person modeyou will like mr.L and francis. also the pixls
It's worth the try.
6A decent game with some rather repetitive and draggy levels later on.
6It's the last good Paper Mario game.
4Pretty much. It's a fun game, an the story is good for a mario game, but because it's so different from the first two games, it's somewhat of a black sheep.
It's fucking boring gameplay-wise but there's some of that old Paper Mario charm in there.Oh and Chapter 7 is fucking awesome, but I won't spoil.
6Typical mario platforming.With your partners essentially only being main mario characters. Instead of kinda unique beings from the mushroom kingdom.But at least it isn't Sticker Star.Never play Sticker Star.
When you switch to 3D the world turns into a floating hallway with no ground under it.
6Nobody talks about sticker star, that game was a big mistake that does not deserve any mercy
5Yeah... the 3D was literally the worst part of the game. The previous games mix of 2D/3D was better.
6for a platformer it's a lot of fun with a little bit of RPG mechanics peppered in there.However the paper mechanic seems to only have been played with right in TTYD.in 1 it was just kind of the visual theme but didn't play with it. Even the "drop from a fatal height but you kind of just flutter down" thing was only done once if I can recall.in 2 it was played with heavily especially with turning Mario into various paper folded thingsin Super Paper Mario, it turns out there was a third dimension nobody knew about even though you could move around in 3 dimensions in the first 2 games. And really the only 'paper' characters are the main cast, while everyone else is made of polygons.
6Thousand Year Door was the last good Paper Mario.This one has no waifu, no rpg, and a far less endearing setting/artstyle. It's just disappointing.
6Super Mario = jump and runPaper Mario = story and itemsSuper Paper Mario = jump and run and story and itemsIt's good for what it does and the 3d flipping mechanic blew my mind back then. It also has some pretty good humor. Just to get you started, when Merlon asks you whether you want to save the world, say yes, because if you say no too often, you will get a game over screen and have to watch the whole intro again.
6To be fair, Stiker star's world was the most paper-sh looking aesthetics
6A boring pile of shit
Its OK
6Awful platforming
8but also I like TTYD for giving you a few partners which weren't unique versions of an existing mario enemy.oh hey let's give you fucking purple cloud Oprah and purple shadow trap slutThere's a lot of mario enemies that would have made great partners.I would take a shy guy yes.
Part RPG, part platformer, all awesome.It has arguably the best story in a first-party Nintendo game ever, and it's easily the darkest.And, most importantly, it's fun.
0Err, I dislike TTYD for that fact rather.I mean I guess giving you another boo to use outta sight would be too predictable but the game already gave you an obligatory tattle goomba, a bo-bomb and koopa so
It's pretty good, but it's not an RPG. But whatever you do, don't play Sticker Star.
6Good story, not an rpg, cool puzzle platformer though.
0Purple cloud oprah was pretty shit, but Vivian was pretty good and had purpose. I think trying to add something totally original was a good idea.
5Man, sticker star actually could have a lot of potential but NOPE.Maybe the best looking paper aesthetic and best use of itStickers could be integrated very well as a replacement and more lore-relevant replacement for badgesyeah nah they're one-time use attacksrandom battles are pointless and even encouraged to avoid because all they'll do is give you new stickers to replace the ones you lostboss battles amount to "use the real item to cheese the boss"Also bowser is the final boss because fuck having original bosses anymoreI can excuse the no experience thing because battle network does the same thing but still gives an incentive to do random battles.
disappointment
4Here's how I would change sticker star, mechanicallyadd partners because fuck you it's a paper mario thingstickers are changed as such: The only one time use stickers will be consumables like Mushroomsconsumables can be combined with a Russ T. type character who for example, slaps a honey sticker on a mushroom sticker to make a honey shroomMario keeps his basic attacks for jumping and hammeringhe instead buffs them by attaching relevant stickers to each one. For example, attaching certain stickers allows the player to preform attacks that cost FP like they would in the previous games, or other stickers would give properties, such as letting you jump on spiked enemies. You get Super/Ultra boots and hammers like you normally would that have more sticker spaceOther stickers are just used like badges on mario. Slap an HP up sticker on Mario to get more HP, simplestickers for partners?fuck real world itemsbring back experience because why the fuck not
4I don't mind Bowser being the Final Boss, I just really wanted him to have character. I was legit pissed when he could no longer speak in this game.
6Don't expect an RPGExpect a puzzle platformer with lite RPG elementsAviod sticker star like the plague...unless you can get it super cheap. The music is amazing but it's pretty bad
boop
Ranch me, brotendo
i haven't enjoyed a video game since skyrim
enjoying skyrimserves you right
It's probably because you have shit taste. Liking Skyrim and all. I don't know if there's a cure for that.You'll probably like Fallout 4 if buggy broken empty open world games are your thing though.
Your shit taste is your own fault.
Try the last tomb raider game.
8How about looking for other games and stop living and swelling on the past. Has the bowl of cereal you ate 2 years ago affected your enjoyment for every other food in the world?
6dwelling*
8modded skyrim.
6The best cereal, I have never been the same since.
6Has the bowl of cereal you ate 2 years ago affected your enjoyment for every other food in the world?actually, yes it has
6Can't find my favorite cereal anywhere anymoreGod fuck it all.
3Was dig'em supposed to portray a black man addicted to crack? At least that's how I've seen him.
7Then you have problems bigger than cereal.
3MY FUCKING NIGGAHoney Smacks are the best shit.
3honey smacks are fucking trash.all about honey nut chex
I killed the monster, turns out it was a really ancient leshen and that was on the verge of slaughtering your entire village and using your corpses for a necklacefair pay for fair day's work,I bid ye farewell witcheritems received: crowns x20
JUST
3Witchers are treated with hate and disdain, you're lucky you even got THAT much, mutant.
1FUCK
5Witchers kill people that don't pay for contracts, the village was lucky that had any money at all.
I agree, sometimes I feel the rewards are a bit on the low end. What is the best way to haggle for more pay?
That's alright, Geralt can just win the rest in Gwent.
0just invoke the law of the surprise, dip shit.
3was there even a way to get a higher pay? you would haggle and you'd maybe get like 30 crowns max extra. Was there some skill I missed? What's even the point if no one will pay the max haggle price?
6oh yeah 10 coins for each players in the village i.e. 20 coins
5What is the best way to haggle for more pay?set it super high, but not all the way. most likely the quest giver is going to have his annoyance bar kinda high. then just kinda adjust it from there. or you can just be lazy and do money exploits 
Why are there dipshits that still think they can handle Geralt in combat?
4yeah thats sorta what I did. I'm just curious, I'm not pressed for cash. I converted all the florens and shit to the novigrad standard and got a fuckton of dosh, so I'll be set for a while
You make most of the game from selling the items you find around the world, by the end up of the game, I had almost 40k crowns after building all the witcher sets, git gud
6That was my annoyance. Surely there will be some dipshits who think they can take on a witcher but it felt like 98% of moronic village dwellers openly challenged Geralt to a fight to the death without so much as minor hesitation or reserve.
The Age of Pretentious Indie games is over. The Time of Steam Refunds has come.
O Lord Gaben, you have redeemed yourself from your paid mod shit.
6why are there no female orcs?
16Gaben made pretentious indie games possible on steam, remember that. This is manufactured PR to save face from paid mods.
7Yeah but it's so much more satisfying for people to waste years of their life trying to make money off shitty games, and then having it taken away.
5Who says Gothmog's not?
5there are orcs reproduce like men and elves after all, they just never appear in the story
7i prefer the idea of orcs needing other females to reproduce
9Hilariously enough, Tolkien orcs don't rape.The one time where it's mentioned they did so was in the Silmarillion were they "went forth to rape and war" and that could just mean that they were raping the land, especially with the Silmarillion being just elven mythology and very innacurate what with Tolkien not fixing it before he died.When the orcs kidnapped Elrond's wife they were all too happy to torture and poison her but no benis in bagina were involved.
7I thought orcs were made from captured elves
7Later on Sauron figured out how to make them.
7We don't actually know how the orcs came to be, just that their creation triggered the war on Utumno and that they reproduce like elves and men.Same goes for trolls.
7Wrong, Orcs have a strong family life and rich culture which is ahead of our own in many ways. Noldo shitlords need to check their privilege.
so how do I write a non pretentious indie game?
7Orcs are a real race like men or elves, but there are also synthetic Orcs like those Saruman was making.
6GothmogI love using that nigger in the tabletop 2gudYes, I need to paint them, I'm busy with other armies right now.
2That shitty siegeget on my level scrublet
8syntheticmade by Sarumanthe uruk-hai were first used by Sauron to conquer Ithilien and seem to be just well bred regular orcs since half-orcs are always counted separate from them.
1That would be awesome to play on.
2Running a siege on a squad level skirmish game
1OUT OF MY WAY TELERI FUCKING SHITS
1that's so cool, where do you get that from? is it a kit?
LOOKS LIKE INDIE'S BACK ON THE MENU BOYS!
7I though they dug them out of the ground with some magic shit. I read the book a long time ago, but I remember Saruman doing so in the movie.
1You've seen nothing niggaHave you ever created a mountain to carry a siege ramp to another mountain?4That's from Westpoint, a military academy in burgerland
0not playing large point games and sieges
People praising the worst current game developer for implementing a feature they should've added years ago
5masada explains that romans hated jews even more than nazis did they were right 
2god you are making me want to take my lotr minis back. too bad the price triplicated0they made rules for bigger games but it was utter shit
8I'm starvin! We ain't had anything but maggoty indieshit for 3 stinkin days!
3don't be a platformerdon't be an 8-bit edgy graphics gamedon't be a cheap minecraft knockoffThere you have it. I just summed up about 99% of all indie games. Mind you, there are a lot of good ones out there but at least 99% is just shit tier.
6so how do I return a game on steam? I have a bunch.
6They changed a lot of things in the movies.In book canon the uruk-hai were shorter than men and worse fighters, they also had no crossbows as some examples. Lurtz doesn't exist.5war of the ringthat was just a cruel joke
4you could always refund, you faggot, now it's just piss easy and doesn't even require any reasons
3Add waifus, get dollah.
4Nah, they hated rebels. Hadrian even spent a lot of money and manpower rebuilding Jerusalem as a gift
I have a game that's been in my library for years but I only played it for a few minutes because my computer can't run it.But I guess I can't refund it cus Ive had it for more than 2 weeks?damn...
6Or it could be as in "rape and pillage", where 'rape' means 'to seize by force', and how the fuck can you read Tolkien and be this stupid
6Rape the landNo man rape can also mean steal but it has lost that meaning recently, see rape of the sabines
1I just took it from their wanton destruction of trees in Ithilien.
2I know about Lurtz. In Silmarillion Melkor turned elves into first orcs, and I kindish remember a mention there that future orcs were dug out of ground, will need to reread soon...
5tfw no gardevoir dating sim with expansive gameplay and breasts
2yeah, buy more models and put them in these base trails, then get all this wizards and do cool shit!you can't actually do anythingit's just an overcomplicated overexpensive warhammer
6Getting rich off a crappy indie game was supposed to be my ticket out of dealing with my crippling social anxiety, now I'm just fucked.
please confirm.
, 
Any kind of RPG that restricts how many upgrades you can getspent all your points on a skill only to find it's completely worthless and no way to refund itThis is the kind of shit that makes me replay a whole game even if it was only a minor thing. I cant stand that I fucked up so badly, it kills the game for me.
replaying Shadows of the Damnedweapon upgrade system uses limited resources to upgrade weaponscan't fully upgrade all weaponsno NG+ to go back and max the others
Game only has vague descriptions for skills/items/upgrades"Picking 'Critical Strike' makes your character strike at an enemy's weak point, causing major damage!"... well, how does it work?! What numbers are involved? How much does my damage improve? What are the odds of making a critical hit?This is extra bad when you can't reset your skill points and you could end up stuck with a bad skill for the next 18 hours
Luck stat
 I was the kid who put points in to swimming in deus ex 
playing Dead Islandpick the Asian knife-fighting characterlater in the game I pick a skill that makes it more likely for zombies to ignore me - great, this will work very well with my other skills!play for a while and don't notice anything differentlook it up - apparently it only works in multiplayer, making zombies go for your team instead of you. It's useless in single player and there's no way to undo it.What the fuck were they thinking?
, 
were there any good new IP games last year?
anon are you there?I know you're online, I can see your recently played time counter going upwhy won't you play TF2 with me?
unfriend move on
Because I'm currently hacking in TF2The people in this server don't seem to like me and are very rude. They must be punished.I think it's time for the Gunslinger and the aimbot, no damage-spread Widowmaker.
8cause ur ghey
150 friends on steamIRL friends and internet friendsthey never talk to meevertry to start a conversationthey act like they're really busysay I gotta gogo offlineorfriend says somethingreplyhe keeps talkingtotally uninterested in what he's sayingstill replyhe keeps going at itsay I g2g but I will talk to them latergo offlineI swear, I only have 1 friend that I can talk properly online that i know IRL and it's usually "hey I saw this thing and it reminded me of you lol"
talking to a friendmid conversation "well I should probably go back to doing work"i miss you
How much would you pay for all of this?I'm sick of my 3DS and selling it. How much would you pay for all of this ok craigslist if you wanted a 3ds.
320 dollars per game, 150 for the 3DS if you have the box and it's in good condition. If that's a sound track I see at the bottom, is it rare? Having issues loading the image.
3Less than 300.
3About $3.50
3150 for the 3ds depending on condition. About 25 for both Pokémon and Smash, about 15 for the other three. Not sure about what the other two are or what they are worth.
33DSDepending on what the inside looks like 80-120Pokeman gamesLike 15-20 eachMario gamesLike 10 bucks eachSmash20-25 bucksConceptionIt was shit so like 5 dollars.Your best bet is to ditch conception and sell it to some cheap soccer mom who doesn't want to pay full price to get Billy his Christmas present
1141Alright, thanks anons.
3Conception is so bad and shitty that you´d have to pay someone else money to take it.For the other games.new mario 2 $153DLand $15Smash $25Poke Y $20Poke R $25If you have the 3DS with the original box and is in good condition $130.Without the box and with scratches or permanent smudges $803DS case + card case $10
Two dollars.
1150 for the 3ds depending on condition.do you know a brand new 3ds xl goes for 179 right? or maybe you are a nintendo ambassador LOL and think they still sell those things for 250?
1samefag hereThat would sum up to $200-$250IF YOU SELL THEM SEPARATELYif you plan to sell all that as a bulk you should probably reduce the price to find a buyer. otherwise people wont buy it because of games they are not interested in like Conception
Op I will pay you one million dong for all of them.
i lost my left eye in an accident a week agogive it to me so you can laugh at me not being able to use the 3d part
Like $200 at most, probably closer to $170 if you're looking to dump it quick.
OK /g/, I've got a doozy of a mystery. I've been trying to remember the title of an old PC space shooter. Here's what I remember.circa late 90swooden structures, huge as fuckeasy to fly your ship through all first person perspectivesassy? female AIthin orange assholes that flew way high and divebombed youeasiest way to kill was shooting straight up I know for sure it's not Descent or Terminal Velocity. Help me, /g/?
What happened to all the leak mock ups prior to E3? There were TONS of them last year. Do people not really give a shit anymore?
Cause we are not retarded.
9we are not retardedare you forgetting that this is /v/?
5Just give them to neofag and rebbit
0everybody is tired of fake leakswe also know exactly what to expect from this E3Sony has not games, announces one or two interesting things for next years that will turn to shit the more we actually know about themNintendo is stairfax and trailers for other games we already know about with maybe Animal Crossing U announcement and some new 3DS shit that nobody cares about because they're pretty much tired of 3DSMicrosoft is PLZ BUY XBONE LOOK AT THESE GAMES YOU DONT CARE ABOUT WE HAVE GAMES PLZ BUY XBONEUbisoft is 100% garbageEA is 100% garbageSquare is a FF15 and KH3 and JC3 trailer/info
6What about the PC? Aren't they finally having their own show?
5Gay Ben will show up and announce Half Life 3 and show a demo of it with Source 2Original Team Members of DICE will form a new studio dedicated to making a Battlefield successor franchiseMembers of the journalist/press core are castrated live on stage
I work for X.You can go ahead and refuse to believe me if you want.
2Every single time too, jesus christ.
1Members of the journalist/press core are castrated live on stage
0
7Superman 64 HD
Does anyone here actually play Splatoon?Or do you cunts just sit in mii-verse all day squid posting.
I got a fever and the only cure is Squid Kids.
How pathetic.
5
3
Can Splatoon threads just fuck off to /vg/ yet? You faggots are getting all sorts of Brony-level aspie.
I see a lot of people shitting on kickstarter and usually for good reason, but is it really the people making imaginary games that will never be finished in order to cheat money out of idiots, who are the bad guys?What about the people who OWN kickstarter and grab a wee chunk of every backer donation? What about them, huh?
Congratulations, you watch South Park.
8IT'S PIKACHU!
8The last episode I've watched was the one with "goo-backs".Did you just admit to watching South Park, as an insult?
YOU NEVEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
I'd follow that up but I can't tell what the lyrics are.
TWO DICK-SWORDS SONTWO FUCKING DICK-SWORDSFUCK TWO BITCHES AT ONCEFUCK ONE BITCH TWICEPROTECTION IS FOR PUSSIESBITCHES BE ALL OVER YOUR TWO DICK-SWORD STYLECHILD SUPPORT SHIIIEEEEET
, 
What happened to them? Why weren't they in 3?
I'm really looking forward to seeing more footage of this at Microsoft's E3 Press Conference.What are /v/'s thoughts on this?
Hardcore halo fanboy here, I played the beta, it's way better then I expected it to be.It still felt very halo. The killtimes were shorter then they should be, but that's the only mon minor issue I had with it. Sprint and groundpound is eh, clambering was super fluid and I wish we had it since halo 2, the thrusters are different but awesome. The iron sights feel pointless and clunky but it doesn't turn the game into COD at all. The SMG and AR were actually really good and worth using, they somehow fit the SMG, AR, BR, DMR, and light riffle into the same game without having any of them feel superfluous. The maps were okay. Most of them were decent, some were eh, some were great. Once the beta was over they released their changelist based on feedback, and it fixed pretty much every issue most people, myself included, had with it, except for the killtimes. So i'm pretty optimistic, I just worry that the MLG pro fuckheads will get the SMG and AR nerfed into uselessness, and I wonder how plasma weapons will work when UNSC weapons already shred your shields so fast.
I really liked the beta. They already have stated that they are removing the shit I didn't like about it slow strafe speed, rocket launcher design, brodude poses, DMR scope. I just hope they don't neuter the AR or the Light Rifle.
1I wonder how plasma weapons will work when UNSC weapons shred shields so fastMaybe they will bring back the stun from HCE?
7Maybe. It'd make sense since the biggest overall change in 5 from what I could tell in the beta was the focus on mobility and verticality. .
2I really hope they bring back the visible melting that Plasma weapons did to vehicles in H2A, it was the best addition easily.
7Pretty funthoug I didn't like the two "Alternate maps" that were added, and I hope the forge maps aren't counted as actual maps
8I didn't mind the alternative to Midship, but the alt to Empire was pretty meh.
Game Informer is apparently revealing their July cover tomorrow, all signs point to Halo 5. Hope they leak some shit before E3 so I can know about BTB.
7go listen to Hunt the Truthhype as fuckONI spooks are going rogue and Chief is gonna kill themnow that the covvies are gone, Chief has gone back to killing humans
7It's possible. We might just get vague details about the campaign and some more info on the multiplayer. Campaign reveal proper is a sure thing to be saved for E3.
7all signs point to Halo 5What signs?
8Halo 2, ODST, Reach and 4 have all had Game Informer covers. I dunno what he's on about otherwise.
8They posted this small snippet of the cover.
