The /g/ Wiki:http://wiki.installgentoo.com//g/ is for the discussion of technology and related topics./g/ is NOT your personal tech support team or personal consumer review site.For tech support/issues with computers:https://startpage.com/ or https://duckduckgo.com i.e., fucking google ithttps://stackexchange.com/http://www.logicalincrements.com/You can also search the catalog for a specific term by using:https://boards.4chan.org/g/searchwordAlways check the catalog before creating a thread:/g/catalogPlease check the rules before you post:https://www.4chan.org/rulesBegging for cryptocurrency is against the rules!To use the Code tag, book-end your body of code with:&#91;code] and &#91;/code]Abuse of the code tag may result in a ban.
Old /dpt/ at What are you working on?
Learning SDL because LibGDX is a bitch to program with
No cute anime girlI'm disappointed OP. Please use an anime image next time.
Did conway's game of life in F#, I feel there are far better ways to do this.http://pastebin.com/qAYA0JEe
Bring me your mazes, /g/I will solve them all!
/a//jp/there's an old book about conway's game of life where the author optimizes everything, he even uses assembly for that.
Simple C++11 metaprogramming: http://pdimov.com/cpp2/simple_cxx11_metaprogramming.htmloh dear god fuck me, this is what C++fags believe is simple, if they crawled out of their cubicules and saw the proper languages out there like lisp, haskell, elixir and so on they'd see what's simple
http://pdimov.com/cpp2/simple_cxx11_metaprogramming.htmlWho the fuck wants to read that shit.I like C.This is enough to scare people away from a programming language.It's just not legitimate.templateclass L struct mp_size_impl;templatetemplateclass... class L, class... T struct mp_size_implLT...{    using type = std::integral_constantstd::size_t, sizeof...T;};templateclass L using mp_size = typename mp_size_implL::type;What the fuck.sorry, I'm not "smart" enough to read this hieroglyphic gobbledegook.You know why I use C and Python? It's fucking *structured*. Like literally you can see the FUCKING SHAPE of the code and start to like, speed read this.This is like - the worst of everything. Actually, that'd be scala.Sorry if this offended anyone who has staked their life on C++, but if you're not a video game programmer, there's no use for ya.
there's nothing hard about this. it's just basic templating.
It's just pattern matching on symbols
Protip: code that does complicated things is going to look complicated.99% of the code you read and write in C++11 will look almost identical to C#.Python is slow as fuck and used in completely different domains. It's laughable to compare it to C++.C is so pathetically out of date and lacking in even the minimum of modern conveniences and abstractions that it's kind of cringey that you'd even mention it.As for what C++ is used for: yeah, games... and operating systems, and browsers, and interpreters for languages like Python and really just any fucking thing that needs to actually run and be fast.Have fun being a code-monkey-- the programming equivalent of low-paid unskilled labour.Meanwhile, actual software engineers who make the world work won't even realize you exist as they actually build the future that you think you're a part of using a tool that you think you're too good for.
That's because you don't understand templates well enough.The lowest level is something liketemplate class TT addT t1, T t2 {    return t1 + t2}/* ... */some_class_implementing_operator+ x, y, z;z = addx,y;which is pretty self-explanatory, right?Also no-one's forcing you to use templates. You can code most things without them anyway.
Did... the have to::make it... so damn ugly::?...
I mean, sorry folks,but you're not *legitimate*.  You see, people have to be able to work and write code on a team.It's not just about you being able to "make the world right" with another DSL metaprogramming construct.  We have about a million coders on GitHub doing that right now.Please understand, you bring us *no value*. You have to be *useful* to other people. People need to be able to REUSE your code.Why can't you just, open your eyes and understand?  Simplicity is the best way.That's why I pick Go lang. Sure it doesn't have generics and it gives up all this fancy shit hipsters seem to think ok to bolt into standard libraires i mean fuck scala puts stdlib into the fucking SYNTAX, they're like, it's easy to read, ur just dumb.And if you DARE speak out. Expect to get banned from these fucking mailing lists. I mean, C takes criticism from everywhere since the 60'S.You know there was FUD about it back then. They were like, FUCK C, it's for hipsters, let's program AGOL or shit.Now C is mainstream.We can't say that the frauds and charlatans behind C++ will have the same fate. Just listen to one of Strousupe's keynotes:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQs6IC-vgmoThat's right. One of the most elementary, foundational constructs of CS. Let's just tell them to fuck off. And use Vector's what the fuck is that, probably like some array with 60s JVM static-bolted in the binaries.Literally, you fucking NEETS wonder why you are JOBLESS and watch shitty ANIME.Here's why! You live in denial! You can see reality!Sorry!Dude. It's like a normal C function, but with 3 nested HTML tags, and an ellipsis.Can't you open your fucking eyes?99% of the code you read and write in C++11 will look almost identical to C#.*faints*
some_class_implementing_operator+ x, y, z;What? This line makes no sense.The rest seems ok.
java operator overloading and reified generics when
*legitimate*stopped reading right there
Be glad that they only took your first born child when they gave you invokedynamic.
hey guys, I'm clueless.in python, I've got a dictionary dicUsers with each key value having a list that's in a particular order. I'd like to retrieve the 3rd value in the list. What is the syntax? I was assuming it would be something along the lines ofprintdicUsers[loggedInAs[0]]loggedInAs is a variable that is assigned to whatever the user has previously logged in as.any help would be appreciated.
Replace that with the name of some class that has a + operator implemented.Or int, double, whatever.
It assumes that some_class_implementing_operator+ is a class which overloads the + operator. Can't you read?
Why would you care? You don't actually use Java, do you?
{'b': b,b,B,B, 'a': a,a,A,A}here is an example of my dicUsers, loggedInAs would be 'a' for example.
A hashmap/dictionary has no logical order. Asking for the '3rd' element doesn't really make sense.
I can... And you're not helping the cause of C++. This looks like shit. Now I know why we don't write software that matters in it.some_class_implementing_operator+ x, y, z;z = addx,y;Explain this to me letter by letter.Is it saying the plus signs everywhere are now like this:int hi = +2,3// so it's like add2,3?[code}
I made a class User and then did                 newUser = Useremail,password,firstname,lastname                self.dicUsers[newUser.userEmail] = newUser. So in this case I'd like to get lastname.
operating systemsinterpreters for languages like PythonWritten in C.As for games and browsers, some are written in C, some at least partially. Yes, indeed, C is used for anything that needs to actually run and be fast.
// Undefined base case, error if pattern matching failstemplate class Lstruct mp_size_impl;// If L is a template with T1,...,Tn arguments packed as Ttemplate template class... L, class... Tstruct mp_size_implLT... // pattern maching occurs here specialization{    // mp_size_impl is an empty struct with a static constant value = n    constexpr auto value = sizeof...T;};See? It's just pattern matching
dicUsers[loggedInAs][index of value in list]
, 
http://www.geforce.com/whats-new/articles/introducing-the-geforce-gtx-980-ti
slowpoke
literally the only reason this card is attractive is because nvidia put retarded price on titans to make cucks think the card is work that much
So the 980Ti is just a Titan X with less VRAM, right?
2816 CUDA cores vs 3072 CUDA cores6GB vs 12GB
If price is decent, then I might think about itOtherwise, SLI of TItan X it is.
$649Reviews all out since yesterday
$650
They've done this for the past 3 generations. People buy them.What's bad for AMD is that AMD STILL haven't gotten the 390X out the fucking door.
it's fucking nothing.
THANK YOU BASED NVIDIA
thisamd is taking its sweet ass time!my 560 died and now im running on integrated gfx for the past month.
, 
thoughts about Mr Robot?
awful, stop shilling this show.
I want to hate it, but the fact they are at least trying to use realistic tech makes me want to give it a break. tl;dr: on the fence
Leftist propaganda.
Couldn't get past the first two minutes.
pilotmaybe enough neckbeard views to support first seasonfirst season ends in major cliffhangersecond season not deemed profitablejust let to rottEvery fucking time.
requesting pic of KDE guy
fight club with hacking instead of fighting and depressed edgyness instead of tough guy edgyness
Did I the only one that got a really creepy homosex vibe from that GNU scene?
I'm actually on KDE, myself.
guy says I use KDE myselftoo ashamed to let it be known my dodgy netbook needs LXDE

Leftist propaganda.
A coder version of walking dead?I wana join the cult!! Where is the fanboy signup sheet!! nmap and aircrack-ng the mainframe by season 2, i promise you
another thread
It's even worse that this one.
C'mon man, you can't hate on Mr.Robot. It's the first show based around technology that doesn't seem like some SF or Fantasy bullshit.
I know, hence why I'm on the fence. Sure beats CSI zoom and enhance BS.
I fucking love it. I just love the character Elliot
 usa leftistsRofl
the firstThe Scene a show about warez that respects your freedomsSilicon Valley meh
Yes. It irked me in a few places. But overall, it was actually trying to do something, good, something interesting. We can bash them for the spaces in the file directory, or for the fact that the character uses GNOME, not ratpoison or i3, but, really, this is something that seems pretty rare. It might get worse, it might get better. As it stands, I rather thought it was good, certainly better than most depictions of computer geeks.
when's the next episode on kat??
It should be in 4-5 days I think, since the first one was uploaded 3 days ago. also, not OP
America is a communist country.
Yeah that's another thing, i'm glad they didn't make him some stereotypical nerd.
AmericaCommunist countrynice b8 m8
i hope, there is no airing date on imdb or wikipediahttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mr._Robot_%28TV_series%29also, the show is god tier. everybody knows that /g/ hates everything. nothing is ever good enough for them :
Exactly, /g/ will never collectively like anything. But if one tech show deserves to be liked, it's this one.
ending left me hanging so bad.SO BADI might have ideas, but I really don't know what will happen next. Fuck.This is tv series, maybe he'll work with these guys?
Economy run by the governmentMassive erosion of civil libertiesPresident in power due to affirmative actionNeed I say more?
You did forget to mention the part where you say America is the most fucking capitalistic country in the world.
yeah, no way US is communist. Communist countries usually have a middle class...
Economy run by the governmentMore like run by corporations and lobbies kek. You're actually living in a fascist state.
You couldn't get past watching him sit on a subway, then say "You're Ron" to an Indian guy?
The scene with him crying alone, it's actually sad. I can't do that, though. Guess I'm not that broken, huh!
You will never do MDMA with, and fuck your hot female drug dealer.Why even live?
I don't know if you are a shill seriously tho if you are part of the production there are other ways to do this or really like the show but there is another thread that hasn't reached bump limit.Also the show is good, I like it.
The USA have always been Fascist.
Read Moldbug, friend.
implying capitalism is badimplying you even know what that is
I SEE YOU'RE USING NOMEthat was the last straw. it's fucking GAHNOMEJESUSFUCK
This. Another reason why I love this show is cause it combines the tech stuff from /g/ and his personality that fits /r9k/
I think it's kinda bad when your corrupt government starts corrupt wars and kills innocent people for fucking oil/money.
I sort of chuckled at that bit actually. I have cried alone in corners like that. it's fucking GAHNOMECitations? I pronounce it like KDE guy did, but then, I went to a Waldorf school, and Gnomes were really the thing.
No 3edgy hacker would use GNOME, they use some shitty tiling window manager like xmonad/dwm
0xFFedgy2-3ime
Can't stand that i have to wait three weeks for the second episode.10/10
no way man, i was totally bummed this wasn't the MC
WTF ARE YOU SERIOUS? Why the fuck would they do that? My autism brain already settled on downloading the next episode next week.
It's cheesy fun from the USA Network. I don't know some of you are over analyzing and/or expecting so much.I like it.
That was just the pilot, get ready to watch the episode again when the first episode is officially on air
right from wikipediafirst word spokenhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n77cwRJUrLg&app=desktop
More like coder version of Dexter.  He even has side plots of specific people to "hack" just like Dexter does to kill.  He creates CD's after a hack of someone just like Dexter does with blood slides.  Pretty fucking content stealing if you ask me.
Damn man, never thought of it that way!Let's hope it doesn't end like Dexter did though :
Man the ending was pretty crazy.What do you guys think it is?
bonsoir
It was cyberpunk as fugHas lots of potential. We'll see where it goes.side plots of specific people to "hack" just like Dexter does to killPretty much all shows have "side plots of specific X".He creates CD's after a hack of someone just like Dexter does with blood slidesExcept his CDs have a practical purpose
WAKE UP SHEEPLE
blue eyesblue tieKDE personified
KDE master aryan race  confirmed
keknmap was used in the first episode already
Serious question: Is it the only show about this that close to reality?
Am I the only one on /g/ to cringe when he casually how he compromised Tor single-handedly? Or that he has all of Ron's files and emails despite stating in the previous sentence that Ron had over 100TBs of CP?And sure, everyone has access to Google's and Facebook's account management systems to bruteforce peoples' passwords. Are they trying? Yes. Are they trying hard enough to write a show primarily about a top-tier pentester/security engineer? Hell no.
You really fucking suck at listening.He said served 100TB of CP. Which means bandwidth. 100TB of bandwidth. That's not a lot considering they gave no time frame.He compromised Tor by owning the exit nodes, which is a very plausible attack. it's called the Sybil attack, Google it you mongol.
More like coder version of DexterTo make things worse, he called his folder a data graveyard or some shit. You'd have to be a fool not to notice the whole emotionally detached outsiderthing he's got going on, and how it's outrageously dexterish.
500m wide screens when?
You can very easily bruteforce Google and Facebook passwords if you have a big enough botnet.Which isn't that hard to archive, you can even rent it.
it would be more realistic if he made a python keylogger in 4 min and just put it on on the computers of that dude, and his psycho bitch, that IS easy and fast and he would just need to be in the same room as their computers, and he is
And sure, everyone has access to Google's and Facebook's account management systems to bruteforce peoples' passwords.It showed him using a combination of dictionary attacks and personal info to bruteforce passwords.Compared to the utter shite that comes out of programs like 24 or outright nerd blackface like TBBT, it's pretty good so far.
First of all, 3/10 for making me fact-checkWhat he said was I'm directly copypasting the subtitlesPolice? You want them to find outabout the 100 terabytes of child pornographyyou serve to your 400,000 users?Nowhere is he talking about bandwidth. Without context there is no reason to assume he's talking about bandwidth.He compromised Tor by owning the exit nodes, which is a very plausible attack. No it's not, you dumb motherfucker. Our good friend the NSA concluded just last year there is no plausible attack on Tor to commit TARGETED de-anonymization of users. You're so full of shit it pains me.
Is the second episode out? I saw some people post that they saw the first 2 episodes.
no, it's airing sunday , in few hours the torrent will be up
No it wouldn't. Believe me. A keylogger is detectable and why would he log out? Logging him out forcefully would raise suspiciusness.You are just thinking that you know something about it but you don't know shit.
What in the what? You need access to the hashes to bruteforce. You think those services allow you to retry typing your password several thousand times in a few minutes?it's pretty good so farif it's above writing VB GUIs to track IPs, it's all goodI think you're setting the bar too low.
swagThanks buddy. Now I wont be lonely and bored today, just lonely ;
What in the what? You need access to the hashes to bruteforce. You think those services allow you to retry typing your password several thousand times in a few minutes?You can just attack them from all the nodes from your botnet. Each node would try about 10 passwords and it'd be enough.
So psyched about this
I think you're setting the bar too low.Being a fictional television program, they need a little bit of freedom to stretch things. They deserve some small credit for actually bothering to show a unix shell instead of an excrutiatingly obvious MS Surface product placement.
He implied that Ron was hosting a hidden service, so owning exit nodes doesn't actually explain anything.
No it wouldn't. Believe me. A keylogger is detectable and why would he log out? Logging him out forcefully would raise suspiciusness.You are just thinking that you know something about it but you don't know shit.what? are you bloody retarded? you can literally put a usb in someone's computer for 10 sec just to install a python keylogger that will run in the background and send you keystrokes and screenshots over mail you set, it wouldn't show anywhere and unless they were suspicious  to look through the processes on their computers they couldn't see it. He just needs to get the password once you dumb fuck. I did this to my friend, although he went to get me a glass of water for a min or so. The guy that is fucking his waifu is a moron as the protagonist says, and psychologists don't know shit usually about computers, so he could have easily get those facebook acounts that way you dumb fucking cunt. Why is /g/ filled with kids who never even script kiddied let alone hacked anything?
You can just attack them from all the nodes from your botnet. Each node would try about 10 passwords and it'd be enough.In what universe isn't the account automatically locked after 100 cumulative failed tries, especially when they all occur within seconds?
to attract people, screenplay writers add quite flashy stuff that are near impossible most of the time. not just about hacking.it's like anime where high/middle schoolers save the world. many shows can be regarded as live action shonen thing.what if they went with full realism? no one would watch it and it would be boring.
He would leave himself recorded on the security cameras.Fair point, I'm also retarded.
what if they went with full realism? no one would watch it and it would be boring.Not really. I've seen real-life people make ATMs empty themselves and people single-handedly expose CIA flights, prisons and fronts.
Yes, and those presentations are already available on the internet.
I don't know how I feel about this.
I'm running Linux too
Hence there's no need to make stretch the truth. Crazy shit is possible as it is, no need to take the short bus and say he can crack Tor.
the end results are interesting but you have to tell a story, otherwise it would be a documentary. a nice documentary it might be but it's a different format than tv series.
But the people who want to watch those videos already will. It has to appeal to the general public too.The show is shit, I don't disagree. Its just not meant to service people like you.
Seeing that screen scratched that part of my mind that doesn't allow anything good to exist. Full stop.
I hope you all realize that this shot alone will bring a flood of newfags and redditors.
Meh, I'm not sure I agree they have to go full potato to appeal to the masses, but I have to go to bed. I have a meeting in 7 hours.
They renamed the boards so they won't know it's us.
Stuff We Say
ddos scene made me madbetter technical writing than most, but still awful
if you worry about "newfags" or "redditors" coming to your sekrit hacking club, you are either one or both of those.personally I would appreciate new blood. /g/ is already "help me pick parts for my PeeCee" board so maybe they would help with actual discussion.
Fuck off.
paranormality
are you trying to prove my point?
So what's shopping an global issues from?
nothing is going to compete with their catalog and sales.They'd have to fuck up far worse than anything they've ever done for it to matter at all.
Global issues could be /pol/, I have no clue what shopping could be.
as people have said, I'm on the fence toodon't get me wrong, from a /tv/ standpoint the acting is fucking atrocious, but they're trying hard to make it as real as possible when it comes to technology and I respect that, I'll watch one or two more episodesit will probably turn to shit eventually, I still haven't recovered from the strain
/fa/ maybe.
I can see that. It could also be /t/. Torrenting is kind of like shopping.
Shopping is clearly /g/.Every other thread here is "HELP ME PICK EXPENSIVE THING TO BUY"
it's very hard to like the main character, but the first episode pays a lot of fan service to shut-in tech kids who recognize terms like "ssh" and "wget" and they don't trip over themselves using these terms incorrectly, which is kind of pleasing. My intuition is that they'll eventually fuck it up, though, and when it has this awkwardly crazy, gimpy character and it comes off as a tech version of Dexter with no technical consistency and a meh story punched up by suits.
That actually exists though
The website http://www.whoismrrobot.com/ is intereting. It says it is Debian, and logs the user in as root showing password dots, but I cannot get apt to work. Or uname, or man....
KDE tricked him into doing corporate dirty work.  Now he'll blackmail his buddy into doing even worse shit.
Those who keep saying "he's us" have to remember... He said he DIDN'T beat off to kids.   Nice try.
you get like five options, it's a faux terminal with dumbed down inputs for casuals.
you implement a complete shell for people to interact with over the web.
Quality post.
why not just make an ssh server?
well other than the leftist bullshit, it was not too bad. doubt that htey can keep up the production value of the first ep for every following ep though.
KDE confirmed choice of champions
Damn, the shills are in full force today. They arent even trying to hide it
I actually like the show, the first five minutes hooked me instantly
giving people unrestricted access to even a restricted user account? have you literally never worked in security?
Top kek
restricted access to a server used solely for marketing a show. there are plenty of wargames that do almost exactly this.
Yeah, like anyone's ever going to say that.
so someone will find an exploit and take the server over to operate as a Command and Control server, or to mine bitcoin, or to inject malware into the computers of anyone who happens upon the site.This is all insanely dangerous for no good reason. 90% of people who recognize a shell will be marginally disappointed that the shell is gimped. Maybe 10% will be seriously upset. On the flip side, exposing the server so dangerously would have only earned them the approval of maybe a handful of autists, and endangered every visitor.
so why hasn't the very same thing happened to sites like smash the stack? honestly dude i have to agree with the amount of people that would appreciate it but look who the show is marketed to, a handful of autists is their demographic. and now i'm getting captcha's and i cant be fucked clicking on bread for the sake of argument. have a nice day.
wait is that snafu
imploring 4chan isn't 99% newfags and redditors already
i'll watch this show solely because of my love for snafu
sorry, the europeans in their small pastural villages with quad gigabit fiber optic connections don't see this type of fancy digital electronic signage very much I'm guessing.
So if this motherfucker has debilitating social anxiety, how can he hook up with a qt grill drug dealer and fuck her?The show is still pretty cool, I'm excited to see where it goes. "Bon soir" guy seems like a fag.
IT'S GNU/LINUXNOT "LINUX"GODFUCKINGDAMNIT
Drugs help social anxiety. Fact.
hurr i'm so lonely I have social anxietyfucks a girl effortlessly then proceeds telling her to gtfoDropped.
Drugs help with social anxiety a lot.
It's not actually out yet. The first episode was thrown out there to gain interest. It starts up for real sometime in  June/July.
Why would the girl be even interested in the first place? That was totally unnecessary, why would you show the protagonist as a social loser and dramatize it to the point of showing him crying in corners then JUST AFTER it makes him have sex with 0 effort? Yes i mad
She's a massive slut.She even tried to give him the drugs for free in exchange for sex.It was cheap impersonal sex, it's certainly not going to make him feel any less lonely.
Why would she try that much to have sex with a loser instead of fucking the chad down the street? Again, unnecessary, just an attempt to normiefy the show.
Social anxiety stems from fear. Of course any drug that suppresses a flight response helps against social anxiety.
Fuck off back to your containment board, you incel.Most people don't take benign plot elements as an attack on their person.
hax0r l337 shit rite there!can't wait for next ep.
/tv/
Way to assume faggot. They are probably using hurd rather than guh-noo
E corp is owned by Richard Matthew Stallman.
what's this shit?  if you are promoting shit, buy an ad so i can block it, kike
I'm about as capitalist as they come and you're wrong...communismmiddle classclassI smell a contradiction...
@ first replysorry meant to reply to the guy you replied to...
Which one of you guys did this?
garbage
anti-socialhax0rblackmails cheese pizza peddler just to talk to peopleFucking white knight mother fucking piece of shit fuck boi
Silicon Valley is already trying for the baz1nga niche. this robot shit is ever more try hard.
corporations making anti-corporation showsedgy main charactersounds a lot like the matrix eg. theme of "breaking out"yeah
know several people who love BBTtell them about silicon valleyyeah i tried to watch it but it was too boring, there was nothing going onyou should watch big bang theory, anon
Too good at eye contact for social anxiety
Jesus..
plebs can't lol without a laugh track.
also mike judge is too high-brow for most normies.tonights SV thread: /tv/57091023
It's a cyberpunk show.The setting is much more dystopian than real life.In this setting, literally one company owns everything and student loans of over $200,000 are commonplace.
that sounds a lot like oh wait...
That's funny.
This IS real life, except Google hasn't gotten to that point yet, but everything else is spot on.
It's been 4 years since that fucking movie released and people are still posting bane and cia.what a mess
it's actually 'Stuff We Says', think inner city ebonics. Check the screenshots if you don't believe me.
What's a rootkit?It's like a serial rapist with a very big dick.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JpxvvnWvffM
4 U?
Bon suare /g/
kek.
seems interesting so I start to watch non-technobabbleok*nixoksocially retardedokTAKE DOWN DEM CONGLOMERATES oh.. so this is just fight club with a 'hacker'Neat.
Fight Club + Hackers + Dexter.
I will only give it that it tries to be somewhat relate-able to modern computer society, but it tailors to much to stuff that is irrelevant. Faggots, drugs, relationships, that's all meaningless. Hate this simple society, so much.
I just like how they are scared to call the problem capitalism and instead just refer to it as a money problem.
I like it. I'm going to watch it. I like the character, I like the general vibe, and I like that they are at least making some effort at being realistic. I don't quite understand why they go as far as they do with the technological realistic-ness and don't go all the way, though. Like telling the guy that he was using "Tor networking" instead of just "using Tor", as any technologically literate person would have, and talking about an exit node in the context of what must have been a hidden service. They clearly have some kind of technology consultant maybe even a /g/entooman?, so how and why are these small things still allowed to happen? It was full of inaccuracies like that, but correcting them wouldn't have affected the story. So, why didn't they?They also said he was using Gnome, and then showed a desktop environment that clearly wasn't Gnome. I thought that the reason that media normally shows fake as hell looking computer interfaces was that there's some copyright problem involved with showing proprietary software interfaces. But that's not a problem with free software, right? Couldn't they have actually showed Gnome on the screen?
i want a show about a guy who never leaves his mom's basementYeah ok no thanks.
Does anybody else get the feeling that the KDE thing was intentionally cringey? Sort of a little inside joke to make elitists like /g/ cringe and hate the character?
Wasnt even promoting it, hate television and fictitious programming.
They're not that genius and don't have the time to do that kind of research.
Welcome to television, where are facts are flawed and add shit tons of meaningless bullshit.
 guy looks like a typical /g/ robot has sex to appeal to normie audienceInto the trash it goes.I kek'd at that.
they only skim the info before making a script, and DEs are apparently a big thing for the linux user base so they added this in. you don't expect the script authors to be experts in everything they write about, do you?
It's pretty good. They sure know how to pander to the paranoid anarchists.Respect for getting most of the tech details right while keeping it interesting, though.Solid 8/10, would pay to watch more.
Your autism is so bad that you didn't even realize I was making fun of you.
oh mon Dieu they literally made a show to appeal to the unadulterated asperger stereotypewhat is wrong with this worldthis. it's so unbelievable and unrealistic. this turbosperg motherfucker apparently has some cute normiefag girl that cares about him, yet he's some corporate cyber security edgelord...maybe moderately feasible lower down on the hierarchy, like in a sales position. I can't take shit like this seriously it just kills the whole show for me.
ITT: shills and autistsThis is the first time I've used the word shill and actually meant it in the literal sense.Good show though. Bad in a cringey way, but cringey in a can't not watch it way.
this. it's so unbelievable and unrealistic. this turbosperg motherfucker apparently has some cute normiefag girl that cares about him, yet he's some corporate cyber security edgelord...You're projecting, nerd.People can have childhood friends and work in security at the same time. Just because you're too much of an autist doesn't mean it's not realistic.Stop sperging out, it's of a fucking show. Entertainment.
he has friendshe has a jobSorry you can't relate.
i-is that 4chans?
I'm ashamed to say that show taught me something I didn't know. I didn't know what R U Dead Yet? was, turns out it's just slowloris with multipart form data.
That he is as autistic as he clearly is but somehow ended up befriending a girl who's supposed to be attractive is the problem. There is obviously a line of realism which can be crossed in entertainment but once it goes over and stays over towards a certain level then it just becomes fucking cheesy and unwatchable.
There was a 15s shot with 4chan on the screen, couldn't have been less subtle if they had tried to.The name of the threads on the homepage are fun too.
I'm planning on spending AU$2000 US$1500 or less on a new laptop but have a terrible track record with purchases and need some advice. Essentially I will use my laptop for personal use and work. I work in the construction industry and although I do not have to use AutoCAD for my job I would like a machine that can run it comfortably, as I'd like to learn it in the future. I wouldn't mind being able to play some games but running CAD, viewing and editing drawings and general personal use are the priority. So far I'm considering the Dell XPS 13 Infinity non touch for the extra battery life or a 13" Macbook Pro I've never owned a mac before and currently use android phones. The reason for this is that I want something with good build quality, portability and an 8 hour + battery. Would these be good choices or are there any other good options I'm missing?
Gentoo
Good choices, might aswell look in the Asus Zenbook line
Fuck off
Get the macbook
Go with the XPS if you plan to use CAD. CAD runs like shit on OSX
I was wondering about this
Make sure you get the 256 gigabyte SSD version with the faster i5 processor and the 8 gigs of ram. Those components will chew through Autodesk software with relative ease minus a few hiccups from the actual software. I used to use Autodesk Inventor and Revit for high school engineering classes and I had a computer with a normal hard drive instead of an SSD and otherwise similar specs and those programs ran fine.
Yeah, that's the one I was looking at, highest spec without going touch screen, which doesn't appeal to me at all. Similarly, I'd be going for the 256gb Mac, which would cost me $200 more.
Both are great laptops, if you're planning on getting the XPS13 get the 8GB non-touch version.Basically the choice is really 'do you want a mac or windows laptop'
Do you have any preference between the two operating systems? Because at this point you will pay two hundred dollars less for a better computer.
CAD runs like shit on OSXIt runs well, just not as many features as Window - for now.
Dells have the problem of overheating. That's a typical Dell thing that will never change. I own a Dell E7440. We also have some XPS here also. But all Dell is having problems with heating, and sometimes awful, cheap materials.For example, Dell Support had to switch the audio/usb/wifi switch panel in my E7440 machine. We spent 1700$ on that. That's not what I was expecting after a couple of months of normal use.Because of that, I wouldn't go with Dell. Go with something else Thinkpads, Zenbook, etc.
The new XPS 13 doesn't seem to have heating issues. Only older models have this problem
just buy a fucking netbook or used thinkpad for 50 bucksinb4 i use my laptop for gaming
Let him be, the guy has a job and has the money to spend on a nice quality laptop.If I were to have that money I'd get a premium quality laptop myself that might last for over 2 years.
look, just because you have money doesn't mean you should waste it. how about spend it on something wise and save the rest for when you need it?dont pretend you are an adult, you act like a materialist child. autocad doesn't actually need more than 2 gigabytes to run completely comfortably.
I'm a student myself, I'm just pointing out there are people out there that can miss the money.I most certainly can't, I use a â‚¬230 laptop myself, but the guy's Australian, he might earn some 5k AUD a month.If you have that much money at your disposal it obviously is dumb to keep buying expensive things but investing in a good laptop for the coming 3 years is not that stupid, altough neckbeards like you might think else.
In the past I've only ever used Windows, so I guess I'd say I prefer that. In terms of operating system I don't particularly want to change to mac, but I would if it was somehow beneficial. I've only ever used Windows so I guess I'd say that.
If you've only used Windows so far and don't care about the status macbooks give you nor you'd like to use OSX I think the choice is quite clear. The XPS13 is a great laptop and by far the best competition for the macbook pro, if you think you can afford it you won't regret it.
Get the Macbook if you want a futureproof machine with great support and optimization.Get the XPS if you want something thats going to run like shit in a year or two.Sorry but FUCK Windows laptops.
It's beneficial in the fact that OSX is the better operating system in every way except for gaming. I imagine you make enough at your job that you can save up for a gaming PC in a month or two.
what is even your argument? you think calling me a neckbeard is making a point? if you can manage to destroy a thinkpad before a fucking paperthin touchscreen laptop then fine, buy a dell xps or whatever else. but that isn't a wise investment at all. OP even said it himself, he has a poor history with purchasing electronics, hes asking for fucking help. hes retarded, so he shouldn't be irrational and buy a fucking thousand dollar laptop to do the same shit he could with again, 50 - 200 dollar laptop. something much more efficient is purchasing a cheap laptop and then building a much better desktop. that way, you have a laptop for what you absolutely need portably and then a desktop to mess with things such as autocad which be real, you aren't fucking with autocad without a mouse anyways
ITT: Underrated software
Anything by KDE tbh.KDE Connect, KTorrent, Kontact, Amarok, Calligra Suite.
Previous thread:Used ThinkPad Buyers Guide:http://ktgee.net/post/49423737148/thinkpad-guideThinkWiki - Info on ThinkPads and running GNU+Linux on them:http://www.thinkwiki.org/wiki/ThinkWikiThinkPad service guides w/ tutorial videos:http://service.lenovo.partner-management.com/et.cfm?eid=1369
So, do the latest thinkpads t-series obviously still have rollcages?And is there anything bad about the t450s compared to the t450? Where do they save the weight?
How much would you pay for a T500?
FIRST
any brothers who survived the t420 supply shock here? mine says delivery on friday the 5th :^
1.no2.who cares, they're both shitDepends on where you live. US or non-US?nope
I'm looking on Amazon for one at $139 with $9.49 shipping in like new condition.http://www.amazon.com/ThinkPad-T500-2-53GHz-802-11a-Wireless/dp/B001JICTAG/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1433119844&sr=8-1&keywords=Thinkpad+T500I'm honestly thinking of going for it.  It would be my first.
First for TOUGHBOOKS
ARE THERE ANY GOOD MODERN THINKPADS? LIKE THE X250 OR MAYBE EVEN THE YOGA? THEY SEEM LIKE ANY OLD THINKPAD BUT WITH A GOOD BATTERY LIFE
I still want one of these...
the yoga series has rollcages believe it or not. the thinkpad yogas, not the lenovo yoga pro series
x220t is better than yoga 14heavier for a smaller screen1366x768using the touch screen for anything other than basic media tasksnope
What are rollcages?
https://forums.lenovo.com/t5/T400-T500-and-newer-T-series/What-is-a-Rollcage-and-what-does-it-look-like/ta-p/413443
What's the best way to clean the exterior of your thinkpad? Whatever I do it still looks dirty.
Oh wow, didn't expect a yoga to have one of those. Why do people shit on it of its build quality is good?
thinkpad a shit
bump for interestI tried lightly-soaped cellulose sponge once, it seemed to have an effect, but when the water dries off, it leaves traces sometimes.I have heard that water and microfiber cloth works tho
Are Thinkpad Edges any good?
because everything else is shit
no
because they are retarded and confuse thinkpad yogas with lenovo consumer yogasnot really. It's lighter and thinner than T series, has better gpu, and better screen. Sure its not as GOAT as *20s and earier in terms of keyboard and construction but IMO the good screens and 8/10 build quality make up for itthe third gen x1 carbon is also a fucking beast computer that spergs will shit on here because it isnt old enough yet
Why
Why settle for less than GOAT?Not GOAT
The fuck is goat
because newer thinkpads aren't "less than" GOAT, they're just lesser in some ways and a hell of a lot better in others. I'd trade a 10/10 keyboard and build quality with  5/10 screen for a 9/10 keyboard, 8/10 build quality, shave 2 lbs off the device, and have a 9/10 screen to go with it
Budget?
The fuck is Google?Enjoy your snapping plastic.
lurk more
*20 is cheaper than yogawtf u talking about
Do I want Windows 10, /tpg/? I think I do. Will my Lenovo apps and stuff still work?lol it's not gentoo or whatever you faggots like instead of windows
So once the *20 and *30 series are outdates, will Fujitsu be the new meme laptops?Anyone have experience with them? Obviously they don't compare to the laptops of yore, but at least they seem to offer a thinkpad-like experience with modern hardware.
lenovo appslel
keyboard a shit
that keyboard looks like garbage, why not just keep using newer thinkpadssame shitty keyboard but it's a thinkpad
full voltage processorsthe worst screens you can even buy on a laptopyeah the autists will flock to it
Used a T731 for a while. The keyboard's pretty garbage compared to my X220's but otherwise it's actually a pretty nice machine. Shame they're the only proper tablet machines left on the market.A nice bonus: they're not made in China.
how so?
Just apply for the upgrade, your system looks 100% legit so you won't have licensing problems.
See, I was wondering how hard it would be to take apart on of the stand alone thinkpad usb keyboards and transplant it into a another machine.Full voltage processor is badwut? some people actually need to do work on their machines you know. Anyways they have the same model with a ULV and a 1080p and+ screen.
wut? some people actually need to do work on their machines you know. Anyways they have the same model with a ULV and a 1080p and+ screen.The ULV processors are a better bin.  You can always run a ULV at a higher voltage and overclock the everloving shit out of it.
i just installed ubuntu 15.04 on an x200 tablet.  Anons how do I get the ubuntu/digitalizer to work?  Please help.  Thanks!
Not sure.  All that shit just works on Fedora.  Even the Gnome 3 built in calibration works.
I just did the whole system updating... let me check if it detect that it's a tablet and lot the proper driver automagically.
install windows
aren't Intel laptop processors locked?
Fedora well, RHEL is what Pixar and Dreamworks run.  Red Hat puts a lot of work into tablet and Wacom stuff working right.
Core2 and Nehalem here... shit's only partially locked, and you can always pinmod to do anything you want.  Got an L7700 running at 2.6GHz 50% overclock at stock voltage.
Oh i see.  Yeah i know windows automagically detect it and works.  my last x200 tablet i had windows 10 on it and worked flawlessly.  However, sold it for a nice $100.  I got another x200 tablet this past Thursday.
$100 profit i should mention.
And Fedora which to my understanding is basically a consumer-tier beta test of RHEL has all these features from RHEL?
Works otb on OpenSUSE too. At least for the x220 tablet.
Yes.  RHEL is a fork of Fedora that is branded differently and maintained for longer.
But seriously, thinkpad enthusiasts have been going on about the death of the thinkpad since the T400. They'll get over it and accept that the *50's and x 1 carbons are perfectly fine like they did with every single other thinkpad that's been released since lenovo took over except the *40 because of the  lack of trackpoint buttons
maybe after 5 years... /tpg/ like the price point of old-er thinkpads :
But seriously, thinkpad enthusiasts have been going on about the death of the thinkpad since the T400Ha ha, no, it's been going on a lot longer than that. Late 90's at least.
I want my tablet convertibles back
Is there any thinkpad better than my t60p/t61 frankenpad with a t9500 CPU and a 1600x1200 screen?
this
Second.Well, I still have my X61T.  Once it's too slow to use, I'm leaving computers and taking up farming.
i fucking hate modern 'tablets' that detach from or fold over the keyboardconvertibles are more versatile, and often have better hardware
i agree... having the keyboard as a computer stand is kind of ridiculous.  I don't know which genius come up with this kind of shit.  Funny thing is other companies also copying the same thing... dumb following dumber.
t400 with t9600 and 1440x900 screen. Libreboot, faster processor, cheaper RAM.
That screen is garbage compared to mine, so no
Nope.
Once the x220 and the t420 are too old to use for daily computing, the ThinkPad age will be over.I'll be moving onto macs personally.
That won't happen.
agreed. Not too keen on macs though. Windows 10 looks really nice. probably just switch to Dell XPS or something
But when will that be? How long before they truly become obsolete?
see 
It will though, eventually. Tech will continue to move on.
Any cheap beat up thinkpads I can buy as a shell that supports a 1080p LCD replacement, SSD, etc?It appears that they don't have 1080p screens sub T500 models.
I got a Yoga 11e for $120 and its not that fucking bad tbh price wise, comparing it to the X130e I got for $130 last year, I think it was stolen but I am guessing the guy really needed cashNo computrace, but it did come with an embossed logo of the school district he was from supposidly, bios password but the HDD password he gave me and I was able to boot from an USB to reinstall windows.So far this thing is OK, but I cant seem to get the touch screen functions right, maybe I should get Windows 8 instead of 8.1 Pro...Also there's a problem with this thing and its keyboard, it doesnt work unless you connect a USB at times, it has something to do with flipping the laptop in tablet mode.I think Tablet mode is OK, but once the rubber feet goes bad on the keyboard it would rub the fuck out of the keys, not a problem on the X6x or X2xx because it would rub on the base, not a big dealNo trackpoint fucking sucks, I am not going to lie, and I think it is shitty that its not here, but after drivers, the touchpad supports two finger scrolling which does make it up but not as greatHowever since I'm not a touchpad user, my wrist hurts after scrolling awhile.Haven't tested it deeply been only a day, supposedly it has a 6 hour battery life, I think I am getting 4 hours. But this damn keyboard is finicky so I'll need a USB keyboard to boot the fucker it prompts for HDD password to bootBut it doesn't bust out the fan like the Chromebook Pixel...
Build wise, it is not great at all, it is made of plastic for the most part, so you wouldn't get the ThinkPad ruggedness you'd expect.Honestly it shouldn't have the ThinkPad name because it is a consumer laptop with a better warranty/part availability.But you're probably seeing it in decent spec/price wise, which is totally OK, but its best to compare it to other consumer laptops its basically a consumer laptop with a business look onto it and a trackpoint to see if its actually worth it.Say... its like taking a Porsche 914 or 924 to a aircooled 911 meet.As long as you can get an IPS T series at or under $800 I think that is a good dealX1 Carbon is nice but I ended up getting a Chromebook Pixel for dat WQXGA IPS display, the gloss sucksHelix is way too fucking pricey and the Yoga isn't up to par build wise and then there's the ghosting issues.
There are rare T60s out there with 2048x1536 screens. I doubt they'll be cheap though.Chinks have also successfully put a 1080p screen into the X220, but we don't know much more than that they did it.
Is there a reason http://ktgee.net/post/49423737148/thinkpad-guide doesn't explicitly list the T440p model I should know about?
Too recent, maybe? T440p doesn't even have an entry on ThinkWiki.
Wait, it does, but it's not listed with the rest of the T-series. Odd.http://www.thinkwiki.org/wiki/Category:T440p
The T60p never came with it as a factory config so it's user installedRare is understating it. You also have to add quite a bit of luck on topIt was the R50p which had it as a factory config and that's really not useful on its ownIf you were so inclined, you could buy an IAQX10N from somewhere hoping it's a real one and installing itAnything SATA won't have a problem with SSDs. But you'd probably want a SATA II or newer which does mean the T/X61x if you're so inclined to flash a bios too. Otherwise, the T/W500 is cheap nowadays anyway
"This Buyers guide covers ThinkPads new enough to fully support Windows Hardware Acceleration and costs under $500."What do you think?
Hardware requirements aren't advancing.A computer from 1094 won't run software from 2004, but a computer from 2004 can run software from 2015.Surely you're not suggesting that daily tasks like email and shitposting on forums is going to take more processing power tham an X220 can provide.If you're talking about things like gaymen, then you shouldn't even be using a Thinkpad in the first place; /v/
That explains it.
I'm a ThinkPad noob. Does the X220 have a hotswap DVD drive?
X220 doesn't even have a DVD drive.However, its Ultrabase docking station has an ultrabay that does what you wnant.
What's better for coding? A T400 or a X220?
X220 is considerably faster and more portable, but T400 has a 16:10 screen.
T61 with 4:3
Old thread: Not sure what private trackers are all about?Check out the wiki and update it yourself you want to add more instead of complaining like a fucking child. https://wiki.installgentoo.com/index.php/Private_trackersHow to get into private trackers and survive: http://pastebin.com/ecGRiQhkWhat.CD Interview Notes: http://pastebin.com/dWBU7ZXshttps://www.whatinterviewprep.com/Use https://boards.4chan.org/g/#s=ptg as a link to find the /ptg/ threadRemember the following:staff read these generals and have posted here before. staff pretend to be normal users asking for invites and when you invite them, they ban you for inviting strangerspeople report emails and other personal info posted here to staff to get you banned.most of the invite offers here are people trolling you with false hopeDon't be a child. Join officially instead of begging. Almost nobody gets invited to trackers via /ptg/. We're mostly about private tracker bros helping each other out with requests, sharing information from other trackers, adding bounty, etc
Bakabt, what.cd, gazelle games, myanonymous.gazelle is probably the worst of them all in my opinion.hardest to seed on and a lot of downtimes.Might as well just go with public trackers at that point.
is seedboxes.cc any good?
So what do you use your seedbox/vps for?
adding to thisrec me a shitbox, at least 1gbps of upload speed, don't care about anything else besides costs.I just care about uploading stuff, 100gb of storage is enough for me, more than that would be a plus and less could be acceptable.
I have a dedi, use it for webserver, fileserver, mailserver, and OVPN as well as hosting a few other minor things. It's well worth the 15$ a month I pay.
cross seed on GGn
hard to seed on a tracker with everything freeleech for hours after upload
webserverNice. I've been thinking about hosting a personal wiki I can use to write stuff down.Basically just install nginx and put the software on top?file serverDo you know if it's possible to set up a "read only" SFTP account? I'd like to give some away to friends.mailserverWhat's that like? This has always been elusive to me. You have your own domain and you send emails as name@domain.com?$15How much storage do you have?
regarding web/file server, see https://notahoneypot.me
if you only use priv trackers, tal0ne is the best.
yeah, it'd be just for private trackers.
For the webserver, I use nginx and have some pages I host, for both personal and work purposes. You should be able to setup sftp to allow anonymous read only access. Mail server isn't terrible to setup, but not exactly easy. I manage three domains and am able to store/send emails from all of themonly one domain needs to be the actual MX server so long as you have SPF records for all of your virtual domains. I get 2 TBs of storage, plenty for my needs.
I get 2 TBs of storage, plenty for my needs.Holy fucking shit What provider is that? I have 1.8 TB for 28 euros a month.
BakabtIt's not really a private tracker mate.
Still a much healthier environment than places like what.cd and gazelle though.There's an actual incentive to seed things even when no one is leeching because you can get bonus points and such.Wish more places did that.
Since it is a dedi, most likely Kimsufi.
KimSufiOVH .I don't completely trust them, but for 15 eurostyped that a bit quickly prev. a month I'm pretty happy with the CPU/RAM/Storage/Connection100/100.
anyone on pedro's here
OVH is one of the biggest hosting providers in the world, they don't give a shit unless they start receiving complaints about you.
just checked tal0ne, RevivalBOX plan seems good because on the unlimited bandwidth, though I wish the amount of users were 5 intead of 10.
I have a 125GB vps that I use to seed what.cd freeleech torrents and sometimes upload new torrents to trackers because my home connection is slow and will never get a single byte of upload after the initial 100% upload.other than that, ssh tunnel, webserver for me and my friendspic related.tfw everything is back to normal
Hey bros. How long did it take you to get your BTN invite after asking the recruiter?
Sad feels. I wanted that 70 GB upload per day. I'd drop a fuckton of it on requests I want to see filled with perfect FLACs.
How much is that per day? Less than 1GB? What's the speed of your box?
1.2 to 1.6 GB per day. 100 Mbit box.
I'd drop a fuckton of it on requests I want to see filled with perfect FLACs.Good. thanks for helping the community grow.Unfortunately I only use my upload to request ebooks. because I don't really like musicI'm sitting on ratio over 30 because ebooks and programs is all I download and they are really small in sizethe average is somewhere around 1GB/day for me100mbit
mfw uploaded 2TB on BTN in 3 days by grabbing everything
all of it?
well i meant everything uploaded since then obviously
Title feat. Artist
How much does the vps cost you?
The funny thing is that it's the opposite in most cases: normal people don't have time for all that invite/interview/ratio/freeleach bullshit because they have social lives and jobs.
Dyslexic?
Autistic?
damn, whats your setup?
Learn to read
me, what do you need to know?
If you have access to private trackers, you have a moral duty to reupload to public trackers.By putting up with byzantine rules and regulations to share content with others, you martyr yourself for the good of mankind.Fight copyright.
Anybody can do that. It's not a big deal.
You're late.
can you ask the staff if they can get back to me about re-enabling my account? I messaged the gmail account on their front page a while ago and they haven't contacted me back yet my email starts with 'em'
Can you join the IRC?irc.xbtmusic.org6667 plain & 6697 SSLto log on our IRC simply set in your client:site Usernamesite PasswordJoin #help
for some reason I can't connect had this issue before too
Do you have an account on any other tracker so we could more securely exchange info?
I'm on Rizon if you don't mind speaking there nick is MH64
Lol what a retard. Can you even read?
DAILY REMINDER THAT ALL REQUESTS FROM PRIVATE TRACKERS ARE BEING POSTED ON:https://notahoneypot.me/https://notahoneypot.me/https://notahoneypot.me/
Where are you hosting this?
how big of a deal is having a seedbox with 100mb of upload vs 1gb of upload?also, I read some of youand in other places use a vps/dedicated server to set up a seedbox, apparently is cheaper? but you need to set up everything by yourself not a big deal, I'm alway willing to learn.now the thing is, every vps/dedicated server I've seen doesn't look better than a seedbox, their upload speed and storage seems inferior. am I missing something?
Whats the best seedbox or dedicated deal for the money? I am looking to build buffer.
Hetzner and OVH have good deals. Hetzner is cheaper but their support is worse.
That's a secret.
But I want one too.
Bakabt is easy enough to freeleech from...just google the anime or thing your looking for and add "bakabt". It basically searches the site in the same way that users can.
What.cd user here, Does anyone want to upload some of their music to google drive?Would be amazing for my ratio and would help other people.
No. Go fuck yourself.
Pretty rad. Wish I had the know-how and time to have done this months ago.
You still here?
tfw gazelle is still down
m8 get real, seeding stuff nobody is going to download will not help your ratio at all. I have more fingers than snatches with a 0 ratio.
greater than 0 ratioUnless you found a way to have a negative upload, I would hope so.
What happened exactly?
Do you want me to break it down for you?
2015not using a hacked shu mod of azureus Google digitsldj vuze, or stay pleb.
Don't know
 That was for you 
GGn is easy to seed on, but I find they have a lack of content.
Wow this is awesome.
PTP, BTN, WCD, AnimeBytes FTW
What software is this?
Can you download Miami Vice?
don't bother m8 the other day i asked the exact same thing and some retard started raging as if i asked for access to his seedbox
muh sikrit kkklub
Cheating on private tracker is dumb. Eventually, you'll get banned for it.The risk far outweighs the good.Get a $5-$10 seedbox, build 1 TB buffer in the first month and ditch that seedbox.Or keep it if you're not a poorfag.
sent ;
build 1 TB buffer in the first monthlol
You can build 1TB buffer in a week you idiot.
what tracker you idiot?
god damn waffles is utterly worthless
he went for waffles instead of what.cdlol what an idiot
We've been over this in previous thread, there is no way for trackers to detect ratio cheating beyond manually looking for obvious cheating such as actively seeding for gain that has no leechers etc.
its not totally worthless, I just use it as a trash tracker to grab mainstream releases as to not tarnish my what ratio :
the community in waffles is top-tierI love the toy drive they have every christmas season.
Best way to farm bonus points on BTN? I have a seedbox.
Grab big season packs with ~3-4 seeders, seed for a year.
Just understand the bonus points formula and work from there. Retard.
tfw BTN, ToTV, HDB, PTP, WCD, AB, GGN mustard race.All I need now is BIB and one other and my collection shall be complete.
Jerking time? No need for HDB really, since some of that stuff leaks to PTP and I don't watch a lot of film/tv anyway.Also, what the fuck happened to STP?
Am I allowed to upload something from AHD to PTP?
the one with the periodicals? no idea. Is it for getting weekly issues of TIME magazine? Don't think I'll bother collecting it.
I don't know. I uploaded a 40 GB remux from PTP to AHD. No one snatched it and a couple of days later I saw there was a second seeder but I got zero upload meaning they just cross seeded it. A week later there was a virtually identical remux of the same movie uploaded and it got 50 snatches. AHD is worthless and shit, especially if you're already in HDB. It's the Waffles of the HD space.
Yes
I'm on ratio watch at what.cd how do I upload bounty shit and how do I make usre I get like 3 GB credit and shit
AHD is worthless and shit, especially if you're already in HDB. It's the Waffles of the HD space.I agree it doesn't help if you are already on HDB, but HDB is wayyyyyyyyyy harder to get into than What so you can't really compare AHD/HDB to Waffles/What. Most people would be fine with AHD and the endless freeleech on AHD internals is certainly useful.
I really hate what CD how the fuck am I supposed to get upload to download I seed forever never reaching anywhere close to 1.0 ratio on torrents I download. I can't upload shit because I'm not in the know to get shit early and all the music I listen to/own is already uploaded
Well I fucked that upI'm not on HDB sadly.Neat
you click on the requests link shit and sort by bounty then you browse a couple of pages and shit until you find some shit you are willing to upload
What are you niggers on?
all the music I listen to/own is already uploadedDo you know this for a fact, or are you assuming because of how much shit WCD already has up?I thought the same until I actually gave my collection a serious look.Turns out I had about 30 different records that weren't on WCD at all, and several more that weren't there in FLAC/100% log FLAC.
all the above except lztrscienceHDcartoonchaosmyspleenbh5
the HDB hype train continues.
I know this for a fact I own 10 CDs and all are uploaded with 100% flacs
You don't sound like you listen to all that much music, so why not just use Waffles, or something?
I listen to tons of music my music folder is about 400gb~ I don't know much about you but I'm only 20 and there is really no reason for me to own the physical disc when I can download it online and most of music supporting has gone through festivals and concerts
friendly reminder that wcd staff are literally hitlerhttp://pastebin.com/RqQP3Z5g
I find it hard to believe that you went through all 400GB of music you have, and couldn't find anything to upload.Is it all Touhou, or something?Anyway, the best way for a non-seedboxer to gain buffer is to upload and fill requests.
Negative and according to a Google search I really don't want to know what tohou is, this collection is years old and every album I have now except maybe 4 or 5 have been listened to at least twiceI did not go through my personal digital collection to try and upload shit because I don't know the sources of most of my old shit and they could be transcoded and it would surprise me if it wasn't already uploaded because I don't really listen to very unpopular musicI literally shouldn't need a seedbox I have gigabit home speeds also filling request for what reason? Nobody ever makes requests for music I'm interested in or curious to listen to.I'd gladly fill a request for an artist or a band I actually listen to but like I said I'm not in the know of getting shit early and everything is on the site within minutes of being released or submitted even earlier
also filling request for what reason?...to gain buffer, as I said.Who cares if you personally like the album?You do it for the 20GB+ bounty that you can then use to DL the shit you want.
That's pretty fucking lame at that point I should just go out and purchase the albums what CD is the only tracker that I have this problem with on ptp I easily get tons of upload and I get points for seeding for an extended period of timeIs waffles better than what CD? Because honestly having to fill random requests just to be able to download something I actually like is ridiculous
I have a dedicated farm and give out free vps on rizon so I can data mine
I know, I know.Giving back is hard.How dare those meanies try to cater to those that actually bring more content in, rather than just move it around?
The more you faggots advertise private trackers on one of the most popular sites on the internet, the more they will be infiltrated and shutdown/incite charges against users. Don't be fucking dumb. 4chan is not the place to talk about true frontiers in technology. 4chan is where plebs come to be plebs and talk about smart phones and dicks. Just look the fucking google captchas.
he mad
I can't bring any fucking content in because everything is uploaded instantly example: I'm still a fairly new what user so when I first joined there was a new album that I liked that came out it was Mr wonderful by action bronson I figure it isn't already on what so I should go purchase it the day it comes out little do I know the 20 minutes I spent out purchasing the album the morning of the release to upload to "give back" the album had already been uploaded hours ago while I was sleeping before the fucking stores even opened upThat's absolute bullshit
Sounds like you need to git gud.
Isn't this sort of the point of a digital release system.
BTW you have to understand how things work in a peer run system. As part of a large group of peers, you can expect that there are numerous people with access to copies of media well before you. Those that work in the industry or just fanboys. You must understand you cannot compete with this niche for popular albums, where you know 10000s of people are going to get a copy. Youre niche lies in providing content that is unique to your position. Think local shows and things like this. Otherwise you just look like a tool thinking you are going to be the guy to upload brand spanking new, and popular albums ahead of your peers.

Have dozens of gigs of music bought on BeatportTonnes of lossless rips of rare dance music tracks that don't exist in a digital format Ripped from Vinyl myselfStill can't get on What.CDFuck this planet.
Are you from a banned country, or something?
It's unfair I don't want to go out and buy something that I will never ever listen to  and I'm being punished because some fucking faggot is faster than me at uploading music? The ratio system is bullshit I just want to share and listen to music I like it's not like I'm refusing to seed  I just get little to no upload and get punished for it by not being able to download more music I like
WAAAH!
I'm being punished because some fucking faggot is faster than me at uploading music
fuck offthe plebs and normies won't be able to get in anyway
listen all i want to do is download music and share music I like, no more and i assumed what cd was the best place for that and it's clearly not
Cry moar.
OUTTA MY FUCKIN WAY I AM ENTITLED TO THIS BOUNTYNo, you're not. Why should they wait for you to upload the album if they can upload it faster?
jesus you seriously thought you can beat the cutthroat market of popular content rushing just because you got up a couple of hours earlier. Are you just mad now that your NEET lifestyle got interrupted and you had to mingle with people who actually have jobs?
You're clearly too stupid to understand how this shit works. Just give up.
I'd invite you just so I'd actually have invitees that actually upload. But its against the rules and I don't know who you are. Besides you could be staff waiting to fuck me over or else be a retard and upload shit thats banned, thinking you can rush to PU or Elite to get into PTP or BTN, and end up getting me and my entire tree banned. If you're from a banned country then move, otherwise fuck off.
even waffles is too good for the likes of youjoin mutracker insteadwcd is wasted on retards like you
they're faster than me, it's unfair!Really?
that's not even the point i could care less about the bounty and more about just getting more of the music i like that i literally can't find anywhere else online for free i'll gladly buy the album i'm fine with that and that looks like what i'm going to have to do if i want to continue to grow my music collection xd too stupid to understand i just want to download music and listen to it and share what i already have/willing to purchaselisten i didn't know how that shit worked so i thought i could help out by purchasing an album and attempting to share italso NEETno i'm a full time college student no what cd is wasted by the faggots who hoard everything and never actually listen to music just hoarding data for muh buffers yes it's unfair i get little to no upload on torrents with a gigabit connection to be able to download more music that i like. i literally just want to download and share music that i like
you have two options here.Either do what these guys are doing  & or just ask staff to disable your account since you seem too retarded to use it
i get little to no upload on torrents with a gigabit connection to be able to download more music that i likeThat's what you're doing wrong. You have to download popular shit from the top 10 if you want upload. If you can't understand basics like that, go back to rutracker.
Or he can stop crying like a bitch thinking that he could compete against people who have been doing this for more than a decade just because he got up an hour earlier.
best trackers for movies & tv ??i'm looking for trackers with great archive & good size encodes  i'm not willing to download 1gb for an episode of sitcom or so on
so i have to hoard music i never listen to for upload? that's absolutely disgusting
hoardDelete it after a week you fucking autist.
Holy shit kill yourself.
not using the superior OP image
Not using only correct image.
10/10 anon
/thread
You wish it was true but public trackers users are mostly alpha-males who want to download some shitty movie so they could watch it with their friends or gfs.
/ptgwe can all go home now guys
alpha malesinstalling torrent clients to download shitty YIFY rips and not just using netflixYou really think an alpha male would allow a situation to happen where someone could say "b-b-but anon what's wrong with the picture/sound"Alpha males are either on private trackers since the beginning or just buy shit on blurays.
implying alpha males care about their a:10/v:10implying they care about the movie itself
Is this an acceptable way to update graphics drivers finally? Or will it fuck up my installation to the point where I have to use third party driver-cleaning software, like the last time I used it?
windows experience
Games Ready DriverThere are nvidia drivers which aren't game readyOh I am laffin
I never get it works seriously it just keep force closedUsually i just go the their website and download from thereWhat a shit updater
Why is updating graphics drivers still so complicated in 2015? Not like it's hard, but everything else has gotten so easy in comparison.
niveano driversenjoy your 3.5 no drivers ;
Really?The "Game Ready" drivers are specifically set up for performance in specific titles.  In other words, optimization.  How is that a bad thing?I've used it for about a year now, no problems at all.
GeForce Experience is a great prorgram.They're game optimizing thing isn't that good, but the drivers/updating shit is.
it just sits there on "preparing for installation"it seems like this is an extremely common problem.what the fuck?
http://www.nvidia.com/download/driverResults.aspx/85817/en-usJust manually install the driver then
i never had problems with it
what is package management
, 
Alright /g/, college is a no go for me because I'm a legal liability. No, I do not want to get into why, but just know that more than likely, no college will accept me, or at least not for another 5 or so years.ANYWAY, here we go.I'm 19, white, male, heterosexual, cis scum, etc. I figure if I want /g/ to help, may as well tell a little about myself.I'm pretty good at math, and generally everything. I didn't have a hard time in school but I didn't really give a fuck until the last two years when I was in classes that really, really interested me. theory of knowledge, physics, pre calc, etcAnyway, I would say my skills are: computer software knowledgeable in your standard software suites and hardware  I know how to build PCs, install new hardware, and repair them to an extent. I'm charismatic and very socialable. I'm a pretty good looking guy, one that takes care of himself. I'm pretty intelligent, a wide range of knowledge on a lot of things, and I'm able to adapt and utilize new information very easily. I love science physics, astro and philosophy the most out of just about everything, though I love learning as a whole. Superfluous info here, but my hobbies include vidya, anime, cooking, programming eh, just teaching myself python and webpage design at the moment, still REALLY new to it, science experiments, literature, philosophy, politics, economics, mythology, etc.Anyway, what do you think I should do since college is more than likely a no go? What's a good company to get involved in, or hell, maybe even start my own business? Thanks for any help in advance.
sign up for autism bux and spend it all on figures and dakimakuras.
No thanks, I want to accomplish something with my life.
lol get a load of this faggot
Too bad you're in the 21st century.
So you describe yourself as Jesus + Einstein mixed together yet you can't figure out what you want to do? Tough fucking luck
 I know how to build PCs, install new hardware, and repair them to an extent.I can plug in a cable in the right hole, just like a baby can put a triangle through the right holeI can't use punctuation properly
No, I do not think I am omniscient or omnipotent, and in no way do I find myself to be as intelligent as Einstein.
Then why are you asking for help on /g/
u seem like a douche so no 1 is gonna help utry again without seeming like a douchehere are some sample topics that aren't a wall of text:what alternatives are there to post secondary education for starting a career?
/adv/
I apologize for coming off that way, but I also feel that the latter isn't as specific as what I wrote. If I want help, it's best to ensure they don't have too many questions to ask me.
What IRC client do you use?
BSD netcat
irssi
HexChat all the way, negro.
not making your own console-based clientholy fucking pleb
using any software that refers to GNU/Linux as Linux
weechat
Irssi
irssi for cuntsole, hexchat if we're talking about gooey.Are there simpler ncurses console irc clients than irssi though? irssi has a lot of customisation/rice capabilities which i never put to use so it's pretty much useless bloat for me.
using any software that refers to Linux as GNU/Linux
this
fuck i meant the other way aroundit's 5am
WeechatI used to be a Hexchat graphical heathen but gave up all GUI apps. Weechat is actually way better once you have it all setup well. irssi is an ancient piece of shit.
gave up all GUII became a ricing arch hipster but don't want to admit it
Quassel
I don't use Arch. I had wrist surgery so moving my hands away from the keyboard as little as possible helps.
mIRC because that is what I have used for 20 years and I ain't gonna change now.
this
10 years old HDD used on an 1 year old cheap buildstart menu takes 7 fucking seconds to openlag on every folder I openexplorer freeze for 10 to 30 sec when opening my unsorted junk folders 600+ items100% disk user in task manager with nothing runninghave to boot in safe mode and delete Firefox's placeholder.sqlite every weeks because it gets too heavy and freeze my entire computer when openingFall under 10 GB of free spaceCan't even empty fucking recycle bin without safe mode
windows
windows
Why dont you fucking reformat?
paging file too big maybe? how much ram do you have?
It's an hardware problem, autistsPaging file is on default settings 3435 MB, I have 4 GB of ram
4GB of ramFound your problem dick for brains.
my dumpster tier laptop from 2003 runs mint flawlessly
I think the hard disk disk is dying, run checkdisk or use CrystalDiskInfo for health info. I had a Hitachi for 10 years die on me today.
1 year old cheap build4GB of ram2014, getting 4GB of ramkill yourself seriously
Why the hell are you using up all of a 232gb partition?I have windows 10 on a 50gb partition and it always has 8+gb left over even with office installed.I regularly only partition 100gb or less for the C drive for easy migration to 120GB SSDs down the line, and never had problems.
all his pirate animu, anon
Give me a single reason why should I have more than 4GB an a fucking cheap build that I'm never gonna do recent gaymes on, fucking retards. I barely use 3/4 of my ram with 200 tabs in Firefox and 20 other windows.chkdsk just freeze at 26%, I ran a benchmark with HDTune few months agoWork, animu, vidya, music, adobe products and other heavy professional software, etc. I don't have a computer just to browse internet.
yeah I had that freezing issue when my drive died. CrystalDiskInfo should be able to check drive status without checkdisk. extra point if you install the anime edition.
Single reasonI'll say this. The cheapest build I have offered since at least last year has included 8 GB of memory because from my experience 4 GB just chokes way too easily from all sorts of shit, including games.I barely use 3/4 of my ram with 200 tabs in Firefox and 20 other windowsBarely using 4 GB of ram with 200 tabs in Firefox and 20 other windows Saved. Might be a new meme.
You shouldn't have your anime/vidya/music on the C drive.Heck, you shouldn't have most things on the C drive. Enjoy loosing everything.
It's an hardware problem, autistssure but i find it hard to believe it would be this bad with a more sane operating system
Only with Firefox and ~150 tabs. What do you say now?I never had problems with 4GB, and I'm a crazy multitasker ADHD lord.I plan on getting an SSD for the OS and programs and a 3TB+ HDD for all the other shitsYou mean a bunch of badly glued package with no real software and drivers? Sure.
Do you have those neatly filed away under trees?
anime is video you fucking artist there's nothing special about it just because you're in love with the little girls.
You mean Tree Style Tab ? Installing it now, I'll sort this mess next time I have to restart FFX.Something triggered your autism? :^
Calling someone out when they quoted what someone else said.can't spell autistThe autism is strong in this one
Vidya is videogames and you are bait.Yeah that's the one.
janishit
Don't listen to them I have 4gb RAM and all works fine.I even had 3gb years go because my  RAM was faulty and It works without any freezes, I could play vidya from 2009-2014.Sorry I dont know what problem do you have with your PC but g is not your fixing center.
You should have a minimum of 10% free disk space.  Clear it up and your performance will improve.My advice would be to keep this as a data drive and run the OS off of a cheap SSD.
What is "defrag" for $100?
Recommended cheap SSD for OS?
How the fuck? My Firefox uses 1.5gigs or more after 40 tabs. Nearly all aren't videos. What addons are you using?
You mean a bunch of badly glued package with no real software and drivershttp://www.gnu.org/software/software.htmlgcccoreutilsgdbvalgrindterminal emulators urxvtncursesposixWm's like i3anything gnuLike I really don't even know where to begin you're just so wrong.When I hear this it just means you don't program and haven't actually done any real work on your computer
Pic related for the addons. Firefox 38 "classic" 32 bit on W8.1 x64.There are good "software" for programmers that are allergic to GUI, yes. Now find me a good IDE like Visual Studio, or anything that is not programming, like Adobe suite, MS Office, you see what I mean.I spend my entire days on computer when I'm not sleeping or cooking/eating, and I'm not just some NEET with autismbux playing vidya all day, I make money from home, so of course I program daily, even if I'm more specialized in other things.
THISIt even speeds it my SSDs
Stop raging and dont listen to the "install gentoo" maymay shills and all the fucks bitching about your 4GB of RAM.Here is what you'll do:buy 50-60$ 128Gb SSD Kingston is a good value one, just look one up on amazon or w/euse shitty old HDD as secondary drive?????profitIt really is that simple.
Sounds like your HDD is dying, so Windows switched to a much slower read/write algorithm that double checks everything to make sure you dont lose information.
Are you on a fresh install op? Sometimes windows launches the file indexer to quicken file searches and it lags up the hdd a bit. Just open task manager and from the performance tab go to resource monitor. Click the hard disk tab and check what exe is causing that much read/write to your hdd
I can't rely on the shitty old HDD that I'm currently using, it's probably gonna die soon, and it's a pain to browse files with it's damn slowness. I need lot of space, so an SSD can wait as it's just a speed boost for the OS, and it's ridiculously expensive for tiny space.It's an 1 year old install W8.1 Pro x64 running perfectly fine, except that the HDDhandicaps everything .I checked resource monitor, explorer.exe is what's causing most of the read/write. Does file indexing still have bad performances? I used to disable the service back then at the time when I was on W7.
Are you fuckin retarded? Just throw that piece of shit in the bin and get an ssd already. God how can anyone be THAT stupid.
and it's ridiculously expensive for tiny spaceLiterally 60 bucks for 120 Gigs.OK, kill yourself now.
Speaking of HDDs my main HDD only is getting read and write speed of about 120MB, while my second HDD is hitting 180-190MB.What could be the problem? C: is almost filled 92% should I move files to the other HDD or could it be the HDD is dying already to be giving those lower speed, its speed used to be near the 180MB before.
Yea, 60 bucks for 120 gigs. You can't put anything on it but the OS and programs that are not games. For 60 bucks I can get 2 To of HDD.
tfw decide to make game on blendertfw worst decision on my lifethe modeling part of it is okay for me, but the blender game engine is sucks compared to another game engine, even unity.
not making your own game engine.Fucking casual.
where do i start?what language?
3D modeling programgame engineu wot m8
C and SDL
implying never tried blenderonly read from wikiu wot m8
wasting time on things that you already have perfectly good tools for
and what tools?
Not being able to spot when a project is serious and when it's just people messing aroundYour fault for using the blender game engine, it's obviously just a toy.
are you telling me all i need to do is to change game engine?the modelling part is okay though.
C++ and SFML.
Anon, any seriously competent game engine can import models via DAE or FBX nowadays so don't even think about using that POS in-built game engine in blender.
Since you're a 3D modeller and not a dev, you probably can't code for shit in any language, so get a game engine like Unity where you just have to use buttons.You can always keep your models or convert them in whatever format your new engine wants.Just stick to well known serious products if you don't know what to use. Not the fucking BGE.
C#, just download Unity and watch their tutorial videos.
i can code a little bit in python, but honestly, even with manual code for everything, blender is not ready yet to be a game engineand considering unity, i already tried it but, well, i don't really tried it for so long, so i don't know how well it is.
If you can't find your way around BGE, you're already fucked.BGE is one of the easiest engines to prototype in... you just link basic input/logic nodes together.
yeah, it's easy to put node after nodelogic is just and or xor etcbut to change behaviour i have to meddle around and no blending animation on the fly.i got it working in any way, but a long way.if it's just a platformer game, or box game, bge is hella easy.but for a more complex game, like combo system, level, tracking, can't make it smooth without meddle with something obscure.any recomendation?unity - checkother?
Unity maybe Godot.Read the Godot wiki, it's a full tutorial.
godot seems promisingunity - checkgodot - checki'll try these two first.
If you can program in python, why don't you use pygame?
never heard of it.mfw read the documentation on the sitenah man.. 2obscure4mebeside i want to make 3d gamemodelling already take so much time
I think the best solution is to find a programmer willing to do a game but don't know shit about modelling... I would do it if it's not a too complicated project and if you're willing to make it open source.
that's the hardest part.
C++ and SDL2
VHDL
Not using Unreal Engine 4TOPPEST KEK, OP
at first i'm thinking about unreal, but at that time it's not free. and i don't have that much money.
Didn't got it, what is the hardest part?
implying unity is a bad game engineMan you are such a faglord.making own game enginemaking a gameTwo different things retarded shitcunt.If you really want to write a game engine you should use C\SDL for low level stuff and C++ for higher level stuff.
Not OP...But what game engine should I use on Linux for 2D?  What game engine should I use for 3D?Coding isn't an issue for me.
looking for a programmer willing to do a game.all the capable men i know, either they're uninterested in game, or already have their own game project.i'm sorry for being a faglord.i take that back. unity is great.
any license?
love for 2d, or flashpunkunreal4, unity in wine, godot, ogre for 3d
assembly
Alright...Which of those 3D engines would you say is the most flexible?
Lua / LÃ–VE
like the OP said, anything but BGEif youre willing to install wine, unity, or unreal if not.
Another vote for love here. Why?Easy to learn and use, can rapidly get something up and running, Box2D integration, excellent documentation and community, Lua is sexual as fuck.On and one very important thing a lot of people forget about: distributing your game is so easy with love it should be illegal.http://love2d.org/wiki/Game_DistributionIt's refreshing to be able to get something that works distributed so easily after spending hours wrestling with distributing games written in C/C++ and SDL.
Not him but obviously ogre
love is not capable for 3d games right?
That's why I offered myself
thanks for the offer, but i consider this game i working on will not leave blender as i got it too far to switch to another engine.i would make another game, in about one month from now, the concept is near ready , but it requires combo system, level and sandboxing. if unity can cover that much, i'll go with it. and if you're still interested, i'd love to receive a helping hand.
Is there a good 2D engine where I can just use my language of choice?  Love looks alright, but I don't really want to have to learn Lua.
And by that I mean C or C++.
stencyl, constructyou don't need language
Well, I still want to program...Just in a language that I'm already familiar and comfortable with.
Allegro is easier than SDL, also Irrlicht have a nice 2D support
if you're not on windows or want to cross platform, oxygine or 
Why is Floens the most laziest app creator and why should you all support him by using clover?
Heonly updates once every half yeartook him around 2 months to fix a broken captchabarely listens to your ideasdoesnt know what material design isis a retard because the old captcha still springs up sometimes
Dashchan is where it's at until that material 4chan app that only exists as a webm and 4 pics actually happens.
am I the only one that had the ink blots shit recently?no webm support, no dice
why don't you make a better app or enjoy the fact that Clover is FOSS and compile yourself a new version?
because you're app isn't perfect Floens, and we like to start threads to bitch about it
Don't care about Floens right now. The question is when the fuck will the Chanobol dev update his app and implement the reply function? It's been over a month now.
Why is Floens the most laziest app creatorHe is working on Material Update dude... Google just finally release a Design support library... i hope that library speed up work
Florens is based. He does it For Free so go fuck yourself. Sorry he can't magically do just what you want him to do all the time instantly. Literally fork it up or shut your mouth.
Anyone else using Overchan? The captcha stopped appearing for me, not sure if it's a problem on my end.
Why do people always shit on developers that browse /g/?
buttmad because they can't develop for shit and gotta criticize people that the board like in order to feel better
What do you mean by that?
As in the captcha just won't appear at all, ink blots or the new one.
Mimi4ChanReader and Dashchan still master race
does anyone else use chanu? it's the best I've used
did Mimi ever get captcha fixed?
Floens pls go
What the fuck are you talking about? Clover is the best 4chan app I've ever used.I dunno about recently, but a couple months ago when Google kept fucking up the captcha, Floens had updates to fix it the very next day. Hardly what I would consider lazy...
This. The app doesn't need an update every week, it just werks.Also, please no material design. I like it as it is.
Just use Dashchan already..
Where the hell did Miko Dev go?

no native webm support
F-Droid, not GPlay
Those poor dogs. Pedigree breeding has really fucked them up.
I think it has webm support. Or my phone does natively, because I can open them.
It just werks
Clover has native webm support, so that's what I use
Is that an app? Screen/link please.
Because mimi is buggy as shit Chanu is slow to update unless you like compiling from sourceAnd the others ones last i checked dont post
wanting FOSSliking FOSSfalling for the freetard memeXDDDD
 that DPI
Oh fuck I'm using that theme now, that is sexyyy
Because Mimi went from the best 4chan app of all time to ABSOLUTE FUCKING SHIT literally overnight when he "overhauled it" into the piece of fucking shit it is today.After that the next best thing is Clover, granted you  have a 4chan pass.I don't understand why every single app developer went from the insanely functional ChanExplorer layout that allowed extremely easy left/right swiping to watch multiple threads at once, to the god-awful party van style of SINGLE THREAD LOADED AT A TIME, WITH STUPID BOOKMARKS, HURR SO BEAUTIFUL
something is wrong with your screen m8
Something is wrong with your sleep patterns
He's updated things that I told him about in threads, Floens is gud nigger
He is using some stupid screen changer shit like flux for PC  placebo is his favorite word
I can't find it on F-droid either
Then tell him to start supporting image captcha
Why is everyone brainwashed by material design?People nowdays seem to believe material design is an absolute MUST for any app that exists. Why the fuck do you give two shits if the app changes the color of your notification bar to match? Fuck off. Apps looked just fine for eons before anyone gave a shit about material design.
It's on f-droid and Google Play. Doesn't win in the design department but I don't care about that, it's functional.
Flux is good, granted you don't go overboard with it. It is in absolutely no way a placebo.
then google it for fucks sake, I have no clue I told you already I use Clover, fuck off
miko when?
Post more screenshots. I can't decide if I like that design or not...
It will never happen.
This is why I never released my own personal 4chan app to the public. I only made it for myself, and if others used it I would have to spend time dealing with their whining.
caring about people whining on 4chan
This, keep it as it is don't mess with something that has been working just fine
I don't know. He doesn't update captcha enough. I always have to reset the app after each post or it won't working. Gives me "LOADING CAPTCHA".
To anybody who wants chanu:search Chanu GPLv3 - F-Droiddownload apkOr dashchan:https://www.dropbox.com/s/m7kswt81js04l3q/Dashchan.apkTo anybody who wants overchan, clover, mimireader, chanobol, leaf, it's all on the google play storeIt's the least I can do since I got this all from you guys
Floens, pls
CONSISTENCYIf we're going to be shoved Material design in almost every app, I want at least most other apps to be consistent.plus black status bars are lame. tinted is a nice change
For the hundredth time, can someone explain to me why the latest version won't load captchas at all, and the version before this only had the trolling inkblot captchas.
I don't know what the fuck's wrong with you bro, but mine has been working fine
Mine's working just fine buddy. What phone have you got?
I've got an old Motorola xt912. The older versions worked just fine minus the inkblot bullshit, and then I upgraded a month ago to the new captchas. At that point it would intermittently fail to load the captchas, so I went back to the old version with inkblot. I decided to try the new version again last week and I haven't been able to get a single captcha to load. I'm not sure what the issue is. I've cleared my cache and I have a few geebees of space left on my internal memory.
tfw Party Van is forever kill
How did you switch to the new version?
I installed it from the google play. IIRC f-droid still has the inkblot version. I just cleared my cache, move the app into internal store, then back to SD card and it seems to work. Not sure why the fixed it, but it did for now. Thank for, based Floens.
I've been using overchan
never ever, you have to do it by yourself
Oh I thought you were the poster asking about overchanThoughts?
I like it.  Supports webm, got it from F-Droid, and it doesn't make my eyes bleed.
It's a pretty sick 4chan app tbh, very underrated if you look at the big picture of it
Is there a setting to have 4chan as your starting image board on Dashchan? Tired of seeing commie text every time I open the app
This faggot killed Chanu which is the best 4chan browser because they're similar enough to make him sue them
Blatantly false
Sorry but the dev reps russia
This shit still happenshttps://github.com/Floens/Clover/issues/63It's fucking annoying as fuck, I don't know how everyone else puts up with it.
It already exists under the name 'Clover."Miko is just a Clover fork with material design and ricey transitions
Been using clover for months and that's never happened to me
I was going to post this.That problems probably phone related
floen bb
Flux makes my computer lag :O
Why don't you just fork the app?
The captcha issue is very unfortunate, because I cannot reproduce the problem on any of my devices. The code is exactly the same as say Chanu and that's why I struggle to fix it. https://github.com/Floens/Clover/issues/63Really if any of you could let me debug your device, be it through teamviewer with you having android studio open, I'll be glad to do it.Clover v2 is a huge overhaul code-wise, more than 75% has been changed. I decided against hacking a material version together, instead I restructured the app completely to make it easier for me to add new features later on. v2 is almost complete feature wise versus v1. Soon I will be uploading v2 beta's to the google+ testing group.I programmed most of the material elements myself, mainly because Google has not given developers any official support for Lollipop elements on pre Lollipop devices. A few days ago Google released the design support library with the FAB, navdrawer, text with floating labels and more so I will be using that now.
Not coming up on F-Droid or Startpage/DDG searches. Where can I find this?
miko is a alin? i cant find it for andriod.
Just Want to let you know that your app is the best in it's niche. Tried all the other apps but always came back to Clover. Great job man, looking forward to v2.
Thanks for everything floens, I will be happy to wait for this update.Look at
Soon I will be uploading v2 beta's to the google+ testing group.Can you also upload them to F-Droid? I constantly forget about the G+ group, and even then, don't like using G+.
Leaf is awful
Agree
How about the Overchan captcha code? It has the same feature as Dashcan.
This please
Does anyone else's Clover not produce thumbnails when looking for/uploading webms?
What the fuck do you mean, it works perfectly.

What is this cyka shit?
DashChan is the android client for Russian 2ch
Oh, I figured it out. Damn this looks nice.
I think clover is pretty good. But i have an issue with clover on my tablet where it just won't play webms in the app. I have to open webms in external player which is quite annoying
Chanobol also has this problem that it doesn't sharpen the image from it's thumbnail size,you can't even read images that have text in them.When that'll be fixed, it'll actually be useable at least as a read-only.
Definitely a better solution, why not just make it a little more public? The G+ group isn't hard to get into, it just seems really messy tho
Are you using a custom ROM? I had this problem too and I had to change from OmniRom to Cyanogenmod.
Meant for 
Did you pay for it, faggot?
clover could have been the best chan app out there.But it still lacks a hide/filter option for threads and  posts.And that pretty much ruins it
using placeboReport and move on, man.
why should you all support him by using clover?nobody care if you use it or not, how do you thinks it works?Anyway I think clover is fine, the only real problem is 
Yea I'm using slimkat
Wasn't there a russian FOSS Clover alternative?
, 
, 
why are pictures that plack people post on the internet in such poor quality?they did not made these themselves, but copied them, i know But what process exactly makes the pics so blurry?I couldnÂ´t do that even if i wanted
I always wondered. Maybe to make it more "real", idk man. If I would post stupid shit like this I'd at least retype the text so it's clear and sharp again.
they're black.poor quality is their second name.
1. Find the text on other site2. Screenshot3. Paste in paint4. Enlarge picture so you can see what part you want to cut out5. Cut out text part6. Paste in new document7. Make it smaller Looked too big8. Save as jpg9. Upload to facebook10. Doesn't look great11. Open the jpg in paint again12. Make it bigger13. Upload to facebook again14. Done!
Anytime an image is uploaded to a social network like Facebook or twitter it is re-compressed, they keep saving images and re-uploading until they are like that.
http://www.theawl.com/2014/12/the-triumphant-rise-of-the-shitpic
what a lovely article.
, 
Post, rate and compare vimrcs, + general vim discussion.nvimrc:http://pastebin.com/fS8zw88HYoucompleteme+neosnippet seem to fit together really awkwardly. Anyone have any configuration tips for them?
Unitenot FZF
That's funny, I actually have fzf installed and use it all the time, but I never bothered reading the readme, so I had no idea it was a vim plugin!
, 
, 
If you can't be bothered to:search itlurk moargit gudThen this thread is for you!Post your simple/small/stupid questions here, ONCE.DO NOT BUMP THE THREAD, You are NOT entitled to an answer.Please read the sticky before posting Redirect or ignore anybody asking stupid questions outside this thread, HEREUse /g/sqt as a link to find the SQT thread
So, i got windows 7 free form my school, and now that i left 5 months ago, it's unactivated.Easy way to get a new cracked key?
DAZloadermydigitallife forums
What happens if you create a static route, and forward all traffic net.ipv4.ip_forward = 1, but DO NOT enable masquerading NAT ?
have pic relatedbought warranty from Best Buy because they essentially told me I could exchange at any time if there was any problems with itwant to get a new phone, but there's not really any apparent* problems with it*the battery life isn't great, but that might be normal for this phone, rather than the battery actually degradingis there any way to fuck up my phone without it being obvious? I can't get it wet, so that's out of the question. I was considering either charging it with a China cable to maybe over volt it or leaving it on the car dash in the sun for a few hourshow do I cheat the system? I'm paying $10 a month for this warranty so it's only fair
How Worried Should I be?If I could move the 2TB of data to a different drive, would a slow format be helpful?Or have I already started down the rabbit hole...
Which DAZ loader is the legit one?
Where do I get started coding, i have the book I'm learning from but know nothing about what compiler to use and what I need to download to actually run code I make, C++
Shizuku is cute
How do I remove them? Using KitKat if that matters much.
What are the odds I'll be able to use EVGA's step up program to get the 980 Ti? I bought two 980's on April 9th so I should be able to.Any chance EVGA will release a 980 Ti soon?
My lightdm cache is huge 6.8GB, it's it safe to just delete it?/var/lib/lightdm/.cache/upstart is 6.8GB
what are the pros and cons to upgrading from windows 7 to windows 10?
How comes when I use MPC-HC + madVR with my pc connected to a 1080p TV PC  HDMI cable  TV box  Display Port cable  TV it creates strange white/black flashes and screen tearing during high motions scenes?I tried using less complicated scaling algorithms in madVR settings but it didn't improve anything.When I use ffd video decoder instead it works flawless. I doubt it's related to the PC specs: 8GB RAM, i5 4460, 630 GT 2GB. What do?
Tried connecting the PC directly to the TV?
Why should I trust a service that is being shilled so hard that it's on my taskbar notifications?
There's no display port on the GPU, since the TV gets the power through a cable connected to the box I though it wouldn't work, do you think I can get the TV connected maybe with some adapter? It's a messy setup, damn Philips.
SUBMIT
TV doesn't have HDMI? Only DP?Adapters do exist, I had to get a DP to HDMI for my T420 to connect to my TV.
so I need to install an OS onto my new PCI only have the windows 7 key that came with my laptop, would I have to buy a new copy or came I have W7 on two computers with the same key?
Are you using windows? If you're on linux xor mac you can compile your files in the terminal.
prosfaster boots, better utilization of ram and gpu/cpu, more supportconsdesigned with tablets in mind so might lack the desktop feel of 7, umm? there's really no reason to NOT upgrade
You would need a new license key.buy a new copy
Yes there're no ports other than DP and the power, all ports are on the useless box some sort of mini pc which manages the smart TV features, like video filters and networking.
Yeah, I'm on windows
What type of connection is this?
Looks like Mini USB to me.
Mini USBas opposed to the more popular Micro USB
Got a Dead Nexus 7 2012 No signs of life, but when I plug it into my computer, it tries to download an APX driver pic relatedis there any way I can just reflash the bootloader?I do not have the original blob files.
thank you
A lot of people have been talking about performance boosts being in Windows 10 compared to 7, are there any benchmarks at all to support this claim?Specifically, in gaming applications.
You can download editors with built in compilers like Codeblocks, DevC++, or some other programs I cant remember. Create and compile your files all in the one program.
I know that even W8 is better. But I think they're talking boot times and shit. Not gaming.I highly doubt it would matter too much. Just my .02$ though.
I don't particularly care about boot times because I always just put my machine to sleep.I've seen the claim made that games would be faster under Windows 10, but I saw the same thing claimed about Windows 8, and none of the benchmarks shown for that claim were significant in the least.
Yep, see you again tomorrow.
Uhh... Well, perhaps with DX12? That's all I can think of.I'm skeptical the upgrade from 7 or 8 will be noticeable for gaming speeds.
Not an issue I'm familiar with, my MPC and MadVR is setup for Chinese Cartoons.May want to follow a guide online for Setup and see if the changes help anything.I almost hate to say it but Coalgirls has a Guide, for an example. although it's probably dated.
so how often should I be cleaning my GPU and the inside of my PC in general?do all these fancy ass dust filters do any good are they just a minor feature?
What would you like to see in a privacy centered autismo website/store? Current features are basically: Zero cookies/tracking/logsOrder without registration/minimal detailsSSL ObviouslyCurrently stocking:Privacy Linux OS USB prebuiltSpecialized system hardened thinkpadsRFID/Blocking shitAntennasBunch of hardware level encryption devicesList goes on, you get the idea
I'll check their guide then, otherwise I'm gonna need a longer DP cable plus HDMI adapter which sucks, I bought a 5m HDMI cable just 2 weeks ago.. feels like a waste, even my PC screen doesn't use HDMI, just VGA.
Is a used i5 2500k a good idea for 130 dollars?  It has the fan, box and manual.
what's a good program for file compressing?
Thank you
I just got a smartphone for the first time a few days ago. Is there anything of note I should do with it or get? I was thinking of getting a GBA emulator or something. I know next to nothing about Android. It's a Galaxy S6 by the way.
7zip
What does /g/ use to restrict android app permissions?
I use xprivacy, requires root and xposed though, check the xda forum for details.
Some apps will require root permissions, I rooted my phone using framaroot, I followed a youtube tutorial and the guide at XDA.If you want to rice your android, this picture might be useful.
Jesus fuckHere: http://0bin.net/paste/8eIx0EPgKLUtdtpJ#RhahYIVWRPd68jwZEKd3dDR+uJ2l9QeTFuwMp-Ra9T5
Mini ITX H97 mobos with wifiGigabyte $115 or ASRock $110? I think my real question is, is it worth saving $5 to get not Gigabyte?
I'm currently new to CS and I've completed my first year at university learning Java. Where do I go from here during the summer to maintain the basic stuff that I've learned?
Well I meant are there any apps worth getting? I'm no good at customizing so I have no interest in ricing. So what apps of interest require root permissions?
none that you are gonna use. you can do your gba emulators and all that crap without root have fun.
alright thanks. I guess.
apps worth gettingCloverF-droidapps of interest require rootAdAwayTitanium BackupLucky PatcherCheck the /g/ wiki outhttps://wiki.installgentoo.com/index.php/List_of_recommended_Android_softwarehttps://wiki.installgentoo.com/index.php/Android_ricingKeep in mind those infographics are dated
got a smart phone android 5.0trying to remove bloatware. any good references for what shit to remove and what to leave?also, many apps dont say `uninstall', just 'disable` and then an option to `force stop`is rooting the only way to truly remove these?
This is the first time I have 2 monitorHave do I make them have 2 different wallpaper
what are some ways to prolong hard drive lifespan if it's on 24/7?
Use display fusion or just paint
Wanna run a dual monitor setup now, but the old monitor I have laying around isn't detected through the vga port on the motherboard. Other monitor is connected to my gfx card's hdmi, and works just fine. I try to detect it in the display settings and it still doesn't work even after I get it recognized and set it to extend. Just goes back to powersave mode for some reason.What do?
Is there any good reason not to go from Win7 to Win10 for free?Win8 was shit, what with the starting up into "touchscreen mode" and doing so much shit online on it's own, that it kept crashing my internet. because 3G dongle
1. "no display" but computer loads windows hear it, or recognise hdd idle after startupno bios screen or start up, just plain no signal from GPU asus 290x2. old gpu works 6970its a 8month old 290x that decided to not start up one day I suspect either PSU or the gpu it self probably didnt like my 110-120hz OC of my 60hz monitor overlord oc and fried is my conclusion.Last thing I have to try is asus bios switchmaybe its just dusty, Or maybe I shouldn't have gotten a AMD gg.
integrated graphics works too, asus fans spin.Time for a repair trip? It's not in warranty aftercooler
Have you tried unplugging monitor with hdmi and then plugging in the vga one to see if it the old one works at all?
Tried, didn't do anything. The thing just stayed in powersaving mode for some reason. Didn't even know shit did that if it was connected to a non-idle computer.
Try getting drivers for it installed before you plug it in.Besides that, maybe VGA cable isn't plugged in properly at some end, or VGA port on the monitor is broken.
Tried it on two other friend's computers worked perfectly and recognized without doing any setting changes before I took it back home to mine. Don't know why the fuck it didn't work for me. The cable I use is the same one I used for theirs too.
what's guaranteed a intern/job now days: web developer back or front or mobile dev?Currently in college 1st year and for summer break i want to learn something that will make me employable later on when i get better at them.
My fucking awesome tablet is now working after recompiling the kernel. Yesh. Feels good. Now I need a way to backup the whole system so it will be exactly like this including my new kernel when reinstalling. Any idea on how to do that?
Can I run EVGA PrecisionX16 and MSI Afterburner at the same time?I'm currently overclocking my Gigabyte 970 with Precision because Kboost is what prevents driver crashes from under utilization for me, but MSI Afterburner has superior keyboard LCD monitoring that I miss. Unless there's a Kboost feature for afterburner that I don't know about.
I'm trying to play around with Shoes on Ubuntu.It gives me a .install file, but then I have no idea what to do with it, all ubuntu does is open that file in text editors.
I just recently became interested in privacy, and I was wondering, is Tor still not good for privacy? I know it was compromised a while ago, but was that issue resolved?
can someone talk me out of getting an asus zenbook?
You stop that shit, right now! No. NO! STOP!
b-but 8 gb ram, 256 ssd at a p decent price
Is there a way to decrease boot time/speed up the system on Windows 8.1 rather than the obvious remove what you don't need?
What's the best gpu brand?
how does this build look?https://pcpartpicker.com/user/ducatifreak/saved/#view=wWFMnQ
Tried downloading DAZloader, but i don't know where the .exe went.
I've got a question I wanna ask someone on here, preferrably someone with some real programming wisdomAnd I do feel a bit like an idiot for not being able to estimate this myselfWhen you start learning tech-shit day 1 you have to familiarize yourself with all these new things concepts structures etc, and as you keep going in, you discover more and more different fucking softwares and libraries and middleware solutions and languages and fucking I don't even knowBut is this still the reality of programming or game development or whatever, even after having done that stuff for a year or two or three?I suppose if I worked with like my static selection of programs and never updated anything I could finally be done with that stuff, but more generally, does it never reach a point where you're just actually on top? In whatever corner of tech you operate in?I hope you get where I'm coming from here instead of just saying "well.." like just what fucking is it?
You are never on top of any field, not just science/tech, unless you are the pioneer of said field.There is always some nigger who knows more than you.
This is an indication that you are too stupid to be doing whatever it is you are trying to do.
What I meant is, will there ever be a fucking day when I don't open some fucking file or read about some fucking thing I have to do and start questioning my existence on this earthIs it only ever learning, cause I've realized I hate learning and I just want to be done when I'm done and never have to question my knowledge again
Is it safe to flash the Android M dev preview to my Nexus 6? Will it fuck everything up?
so i'm technology illiterate. i have a shitbox laptop from walmart. it fucking freezes sometimes, i've gotten the blue screen before, and it seems like it needs like 45 mins to warm up before it starts working properly. i think the video card may be fucked as well but again i know almost nothing.any way to salvage this shit? or what's the cheapest facebook/netflix machine to get me through graduate school that i won't hate due to being ass
I'm just confused  where the .exe went after downloading the torrent
Probably got eaten by your virus scanner if you can see the other files from the torrent.
hello /g/, which smartphone would you recommend that is the best bang for the buck? I dont want anything overkill, i was thinking galaxy note 3, htc one m8, lg g3.
How are those not overkill they are hundreds of dollars
Best bang for the buck is LG L40, beautiful little kitkat gem of a phone at a cost of approx 0.1 flagship phone.
How's the new ASUS phone?
LG G2
It's actually really nice, I'm impressed with it so far.  Definitely the best bang for your buck.
Really thinking about pulling the trigger. Dunno if I should just save the $20 and get the Moto G though.
Z3C, god-teir battery life If you're not on Lollipop.
Bump
Yeah, the Xperia Z3C would be really nice, but the Z3 is cheaper at most places and he doesn't seem bothered by larger sizes.
LG G3 with zero lemon 9k battery and 128gb sd card. Win. I charge my phone once every 3 days.
Zenfone 2 4gb ram is the best bang for your buck.
Not really, the 2gb version seems like a better deal for the average user
OK you're probably right.4GB is more for power users.
LG G2/thread
Oneplus one. Their profit margin is like 5 percent if even that. /thread
any case suggestions for the g2?
smoking
If you value your human rights, Blackphone.
LG G2.  Great phone, extremely active rom development, and most places it's $140
I've had my G3 for a month now and I'm very happy with it, runs smoothly, the original battery lasts long enough compared to my old HTC One X, and with the SD slot it's got plenty of storage space. Was totally worth the $50 I paid for it.
what ROM are you running? I need to change mine cos it keeps crashing but i have entire archives of work/personal messages and i can't be bothered. felt the G4 yesterday and it was glorious.However, I think I'm going for the Nexus line from now on for best software
Alcatel Idol 3. Best bang for the buck, and best looking new phone.
tfw just preordered an LGG4tfw Im getting it round June 5th instead of waiting half a month for my contract to endtfw I also get a free $100 gift card to best buyBASED BEST BUY
Spigen SlimArmor. You can find them on eBay for cheap nowadays, damned fine case overall just that niggling issue of the antenna cutout on one corner, however.
i'll check that out, thanks.
$23 a good price?
A bit steep in price, if that's USD. Also be aware that Spigen cases get counterfeited with extreme frequency so, there's always a chance it'll be a fake. Most times it won't matter but some fakes just don't fit the phone properly. Also, if you have a Verizon variant of the G2 it's thicker front to back because of the wireless charging hardware in the back cover and the other cases won't fit it, and vice versa.The Verizon model is the only one with wireless charging support by default, as well. But it's factory unlocked for GSM operation anywhere so just toss a SIM card in it and go, no unlock code needed.But $10-18 USD is better for the SlimArmor pricing, can't speak for other currency exchange rates.
mines an unlocked at&t.the only ones i see on ebay are from either the uk for $24 or $9 from israel.
would you recommend that is the best bang for the buck?I told this to your mom and she said 'she is the best BANG for my buck'
nex 5. Mine is one and a half years and still perfectly good
I'd get the G2.I have a G3 and I replaced it with the Moto X. The G3 is a great phone, but unless you root it, the software is a little autistic. It's not as bad as touchjizz, but LG's skin is just bad. If you root you, then you'll have no regrets. Great display, very fast, great specs, great camera. If you don't, then you'll probably still like it, but you'll have occasional problems here and there. Aside from the software, the battery is also not that great either, especially with the screen on the G3. I could only use my G3 for 3-4 hours of use before it needed charging.
spending hundreds of dollars on a shiny new phonegood goy
im looking to get the s6I dont give a shit abou tnot being able to replace my battery or add additional storage. Im coming from a nexus 5 so it never bothered me anyway.Why shouldnt I get the s6?
Where would it be $140?
fuck, can't find a spigen at a decent price. guess i'll just go for the incipio or something.
Do all wireless chargers charge at the same speed or are some more powerful than others?
Seriously this if you can find one its what I have its an awesome phone.The trouble with LG lately is that they have gone too "innovative" The lg3/4 have half the battery life of the g2 because of their ridiculous resolution.
Zenfone 2 beats OPO in  basically every way.
Buying quality doesnt make you a goy,it makes you smart.fucking /g/
Im getting a Galaxy Note 4, just about the best phone possible with verizon.
I definitely recommend the G3. Best phone I've ever owned. I'd go with the G2 if I were on a budget though.
moto G has no lte. and you can get the 16gb version on b&h for 199 tax free. and free shipping.
I really dig the Note 4, but the speaker on the back instead of the bottom like the Note 3 was a fucking stupid move. I don't like white phones too prone to stains, dirt and wear and the black version of the Note 4 looks like a retro 80's VCR on the front. Should've stuck with the brushed metal/graphite texture from the 3.
LG G3 is free and comes with a free tablet if you get it with a 2 year contract at Verizon
Sony Z2Superior to g3, and z3.Cheaperit was half year ago
xperia Z3v
$140
dont listen op buying a phone older than 2 years is dumbmoto g was and is an awful phonethe g3 is good but for the current price/competitor range it would be a bad decisionnot when the 1p2 is so close. the screen is shit alsoS gel case. 3 dollars with postage, stylish and the most protective case I've ever seenbecause its boring and for the same price you can get much better phonestechnically yes. youd be hard pressed noticing the difference. if you do notice, it is brokenhave had the white one for ages. Back looks as good as the day I bought it
Is it normal for a Computer Science degree to have the need to study all these maths?
Yes

Computer Science barely has anything to do with computers.They really should call it Computational Science, or Infomatics.
Oh right, completely forgotten about this
mfw I know all that shit, and I'm not even doing compsci
So does that mean CE have an actual relation with computers since it deals with hardware such as signals & systems, circuit designs, etc etc
What are you studying?
... Mathematics :^
Are you taking a "soft" computer science degree? Probably not, then.But if it's a real Computer Science degree, then yes.
That's more or less the point of compsci, anon.Instead of learning the intricacies of the hardware from top to bottom as in CE, or slave away making websites on one of those "other" degrees, you learn 'higher-order' it's still babby-tier compared to math majors maths that are in use whenever you're dealing with software.
What do yo mean by "soft"?
Basically codemonkey degree
You probably mean something like studying "Software Engineering" or similar."Hard" comp sci is basically applied math
all the fun stuff in CS needs this maths machine learning, graphics, image recognition etc
Basically, yes. Computer science generally treats the computer hardware as a black box that does what they say/program. Electrical/computer engineers worry about the silicon level stuff.
You study math to get a software engineering degree. I think it's mostly those bootcamp courses.
In my first year we went through what happens on a harware level, from transistors through multiplexers to ALUs and memory. Some CS degrees want you to know roughly whats in the black box.
yes of course. if anything just to make sure you are not completely retarded and unmotivated.
For even state schools in the USA, a real program will require a minimum of a 4 on the AP mato exam or a B from another decent school in calc I,  Calc III by the end of sophmore year.Confirm with college websites.
A CE programme in my country are required to take Quantum Physics
Yeah I did that too in my CS degree however it was so vast yet so superficial that it was basically useless
, 
Hi guys Someone would have an idea for how to have a smartphone iPhone recent genre 6, 5, 5c, Galaxy S6, S5 really cheap?
iPhone recent genre 6, 5, 5c, Galaxy S6, S5 really cheap?Look for an opportunity to buy a used device for cheap?You won't have luck in case of apple devices though, they mantain huge resale value.
You could steal one.
yes, they are called chinese phones
Seriously I just want a new and not too expensive smartphone. No flight, no resale or strange bussiness.And if possible, REAL Phones
I just want a new and not too expensive smartphone.No flight, no resale or strange bussiness.REAL PhonesDo you expect someone to post some kind of magical website where you can purchase all kinds of electronic devices for the money they were manufactured?Grow up OP.There's nothing wrong with used devices, as long as youre not an autist anxious of human contact required to buy a used device. I bought a used blackberry q10 for like 120 euro. mint condition because it belonged to a woman. She even threw in some extras. Pretty good deal tbh.
 this triggers the digital pirate
not buying CDs
The only thing triggering me is baby boomers making political cartoons about things they don't understand, like net neutrality.
implying live performance don't produce more money than album sales
This.Except where cases of DRM in CDs are concerned, I support the artist.I rarely buy dvds anymore and just pirate a good movie if I see it on tv or in the theater.Fuck DRM
Literally every song ever is on youtube
I prefer physical media to take with and even rip to FLAC for archiving and listening.
buying CDsgood goy
I met one of my favourite musicians on a cruise once, and she said that she didn't mind piracy."I don't get paid per copy, and [label] already makes a lot of money."
This cartoonis Bullshit.If you want to support the artist go to a concert and buy merch99% of the time CD sales only mostly just put money in the pockets of the label, not the artist.
but that's not really the same. the violinist is asking for donations, not selling a CD. even that would be flawed, but it would be less flawed.
I bet that violinist didn't get permission to use that song for public performances, so he's a pirate too.
buying cdsnot buying superior vinylsplebcore
not true btw
This comic somehow represents real life problems
buying CDssupporting a dead formatNigga if you aren't going to use spotify and you insist on being a buyfag at least use itunes
I like to rip my youtube music to FLAC too but that is not the point.the point is that pirating and stealing from the legit owner of the art is not really fair.Would you like that somebody steal your car?
itunesok, now I'm triggered
if they magically made a copy of my car I wouldn't give a fuck.
Deal with it nerd, it has the best selection
vinylsTriggered.
CD is still way betteruncompressed audiotons of physical shit like booklets and art on the casecan listen on any digital player made in the last 30 yearsAll for the same price of an iTunes album.
Not liking the unique sound of vinyl.fucking 2000 kids dont know the good stuff anymore
uncompressed audiotons of physical shit like booklets and art on the casenot pirating FLAC ripsnot downloading booklet scans
I would buy CDs if they weren't ridiculously overpriced inb4 poorfag
I wait for the day you guys will mature and see that if everybody would pirate there would be nothing to pirate because ppl couldnt live of it.Welp but I talk to a 12yr old kid which doesnt understand the market
I rip youtube music to FLACYou enjoy creating larger files for no reason?
falling for obvious b8, welcome newfriend take a look at everything and learn.
thinking that there's a "market"not taking what you want when you wantbeing a buyfag
I buy music. It just happens to immediately get ripped and uploaded to what.cd for delicious upload credit
nice b8 m8 I r8 it 8/8
i tried itunes.... and it sucked.I don't want to buy songs that can't be shared on other devices. That's why I support cd's.I bought music from google play and I hate it that I can't share my songs.
Love the sound of vinyl records. Hate when people call them "vinyls." Might as well post a picture of you listening to some shitty tumblrcore on a shitty crosley.
I dont even understand what you talking about.
rip my CDs to 128 Kbpsconvert to FLACupload onto public trackerpeople leave comments thanking me for uploading in FLAC and how much better they soundThe placebo is real.
this triggers the digital pirateIt's a caricature. It's sole purpose is to appeal to people whose thought process does not adhere to conventional reason.
lol placebo memeThere is an audible difference between lossy and lossless, but there is a point where lossy becomes transparent. 128 kbps MP3s are very audible, but 192+ kbps is arguably transparent to most listeners. 128 kbps sounds completely washed out.Regardless, I rip all of my CDs to lossless backups so I can burn 1:1 copies in the event the original disc is damaged. The only time I bother to downcode music to lossy formats is if I'm putting files on devices with space constraints, like maybe a portable MP3 player.As for downloading music, ideally I'd like to have it in lossless format so I can burn a 1:1 reproduction of the disc. There's no point in downcoding it to lossy, then having to upcode it back to Redbook standard. Each time you do that, there's going to be an accumulating data loss that will become quite audible somewhere down the line.This is why there are applications like CUEtools and AccurateRip. You can verify the checksums against AccurateRip's database to make sure the files match those on the physical disc. If you downcode something to a lossy format, then turn around and upcode it to FLAC, the CRCs will no longer match.
The autism is real.
uwotm8
Are you kidding me! What the fuck! Apple engages in price fixing. ITunes is bloated crap. I can't get my songs in FLAC for archival and long term storage. And Apple has been known to delete songs they lose the rights to. Same for spotify. Fuck that shit. I refuse to suck the cooperate cock no matter how appealing their mp3 covered member may appear I will own my media or will not partake. The only cock I will suck is that of the great RMS. For freedom and rights are the only future worth sacrificing for. I will not compromise to be had on the terms of another. If I am to be had it will be on my terms. Fuck off you cooperate shill.
best post so far
This tbh. For my pleb ears i consider everything beyond 256kbps to be fine. I only bother with flacs if there's no other high quality encoding available.
you can make money and still have a job on the sideyou seem to think people should treat art like a job. so fuck you
I got this kinda cheap tablet due to a deal Verizon was doing Eclipse 8 and kinda want to load it up with stuff.Any recommendations for game/apps? I've been messing around with Clash of Clans and Ingress a lot.
Quick question, is a 550w PSU enough to run two 6950's in crossfire?Looking for a cheap upgrade, can get two 6950's for $100 each used.
why would u even do it, crossfire is shit u can get a 280 for that
280's are $400+ here, 270's are almost $300.
KB3035583 installs an agent that automatically collects a list of your installed apps and devices.  It also nags you to register for windows 10.In short, MS is now pushing spyware through windows updates.
They should have left this closer to the release time.
installing optional updatesYou asked for this, retard
abloobloo muh privacyNobody cares.
MS makes a non-botnet browsermakes a botnet OS insteadTh-thanks based Microsoft
You're already using Windows, Google and and other bullshit. Like it makes a difference.
I recently found that my hard drive was running at 100% all the time and that the rundll32.exe process was eating a lot of memory. Found out Windows installed an update that does exactly what is mentioned in OP's post. Deactivated it because I never accepted anything to do this, M$ should at least show a notification for that shit.
post more ISIS-chan
what are you doin installing optional updates? are you retarded?
Nah, they made it a recommended update.implying you don't generally want the security updates
im looking at it right fucking now its in the optional updates list only
Thanks for the warning. Not like it was ever going to be installed anyway though, I haven't done any updates since I reinstalled Windows over a year and a half ago.Update comes up under Important and Recommended for me.
not doing ANY updatetrusting a fresh windows installationI really hope for you that this PC isn't connected to the internet buddy.
For Windows 7. On 8.1 it's a recommended update.
SpywareLiterally just letting their base target audience, dumb people, know what's upYou're all always do extremist in your paranoia.
its not, i post using a fax
You obviously haven't used Win8.1, they pinned the fucking shop automatically on the taskbar.I have not seen a more desperate company in a long time. They're drowning and it's fun as hell to watch.
Hi. Please post address, credit card details, blood type and semen sample.
Why wouldn't I want to register for Windows 10?
What happens for my boxed copy ? Can I "reserve" windows 10 and install it on my next PC this summer ? Or should I wait until I got my PC before reserving it ? I really hope MS doesn't fuck up on OEM and boxed copies, I'd be pissed if my w10 was tied to a single machine.
You think that's new?  They have been doing that shit since at least windows 98, son.
Android MApparently you get to choose to activate permissions when the app requests it, instead of approving all permissions when you first install.  Also supposed improvements in battery life.Thoughts?  Pic related, picture taken from Anandtech's Android M preview.  Apparently the writer is a weaboo like /g/entoomen
https://youtu.be/7V-fIGMDsmE?t=780
Wow, that's something that iOS has been doig for ages already.
 inb4 some people are still waiting to get the lollipop update.
Are there any design changes?
You mean what iOS, CyanogenMod and every custom ROM that respects itself have been doing for ages?How else are stock ROMs lagging behind the rest of the world?
I was looking into this because of botnet implications etc, I don't have M installed so I don't have any experience but from what I could gather it goes something like this: you allow or deny permission groups, but the groups are pretty open ended, so lowest level permissions covers stuff like internet access, so no luck stopping phone home apps. Also any apps installed with the system take all the permissions listed in the manifest, so google still has free reign over your device.
Because Google doesn't give a shit about your privacy.
No, this year is about refining and improving the experience.
If you're that worried, get a cheap phone, put CM without Google apps. Problem solved.
Privacy is not yours anymore. Having a private life is a vestigial artifact that will be severed from our consciousness in one generation's time.
Privacy is not yours anymore.severed from our consciousness in one generation's timeSo is it gone now or in one generation's time? Dumbass.
You can allow it deny specific things
implying CyanogenMod isn't Samsung botnet There's no place to run
It's gone now. All you have is the notion of it.
wat
It is already gone. When I asked my mother about this she said she wouldn't even care if drones were to search through the house since she has nothing to hide.It's really scary.
It's gone now. All you have is the notion of it.If it's gone now,  how can I have the notion of it?
Because the generation previous had it and you think you still do. Like the gold standard and happy marriages.
happy marriagesnever have existed, not at scale.
pic not relatedthats L
CMFOSSbotnetWhy are there people this retarded?
Is it safe to flash the Android M dev preview to my Nexus 6? Will it fuck everything up??
Yes
Yes it will fuck everything up?
No
Will M still have lollipops disgustingly huge icons and solid white backgrounds?That was my only gripe.What's the coolest nova theme?
Well, there's this at least.
, 
tries to bust the claim that linux can not get virusespoints to a virus scanner detecting .exe files and claims the system is infectedArchfag general
Tbh those .exe files caused the program to not launch, which implies malicious behaviour.
I tried to find any blogposts about it and saw a theory on a reddit thread about the antivirus blocking the program from running because of the fact that it detected infected files. Though if that was not the case, why would three loose files when removed change anything. Was the application trying to load them and failing?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_lhqg_p21k
comments disabled
searching for mythbusting linux brings up some threads about it like https://www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/33s60i/mythbusting_linux_guy_says_he_proofs_that_his/there have been /g/ threads too apparentlyhttp://rbt.asia/g/thread/S48209258
Are you me? I watched this yesterday and ay least it got me to install sophos,I just don't like the guy though.  Too fucking arrogant and whatever value he had was lost in his sanctimony.  Probably why comments are disabled.
Is this thing still worth it?
wait for huawei
Isn't Huawei making the N6 successor and LG is making the new N5? I am not interested in anything bigger than the N5. If there is a new N5 it probably won't be out until November
I myself is still considering a Nexus 5.In September.How silly am I?
I got a nexus 4 last november for $150.Way better than spending $300+ for something that does essentially the same things.
stillit never was, fucking retard. also, if you're white, buy a phone by & for white people. not this currynigger shit.
On an S3 right now and it's really chugging. A friend has his LG G2 lined up for me when he swaps this week, but I am not sure.
just get a zenfone 2
2500mah battery 1920x1080 screenNo.
This or Z3 Compact? for stock android lover
N5 is damn near perfect for the price and with M you should get better features and battery life
32GB N5 for $225. Worth it?
Lg g2 is way better for way lessBetter camera, screen, and battery for 140$
better battery lifeL promised better battery life in previews but the final release only made it worst. I hope M won't worsen it more
There is going to be a 5.2" Nexus so that is only slightly bigger. Maybe if it has almost no bezel it will be the same size phone.
Im thinking about getting a Note 4 as my new phone, would the Nexus 5 be a better pick?
you're maybe getting one more update after M, so that's the gamble. if you can get one used/refurb, sure, but at 350, unless you're doing something high performance on mobile, buy a moto e now and buy it's successor later.
being racistWow stop posting pls
This.
Get off the internet kid. /g/ is not your summer vacation place
You're way better off with a G2 instead of a nexus 5.If you get a nexus 5, enjoy having to charge your phone multiple times a day.Ofcourse it will, Android never delivers :-
good luck getting android Minb4 rootNo
enjoy having to charge your phone multiple times a day.Yeah no, confirmed for not owning nexus 5
Stock Nexus 5 has awful battery life.I had to install a shitload of custom crap just to get it to last a day.
L promised better battery life in previews but the final release only made it worstI had the opposite experience. My N5 would die in a day of having it sit in my pocket with KitKat, and now will idle for a few days on Lollipop.It's all what apps you use, anyway, the actual OS hardly does anything worth mentioning to drain your battery.
Nexus 5 seemed great half a year agoNow it just feels so tiny in my hands
I need to move my PC into a new case for my college dorm.It's currently in a full-size HAF 932, and I'm thinking about moving it into a Thermaltake Core X9 pic related. It's bigger than it looks, think your average PC case but twice as wide. I'm thinking that it's weight may make it a good choice in preventing theft, as nobody is going to steal an extremely heavy PC case.
Forgot to add, I can't keep it in the HAF 932 because of flashy red LEDs, and the case is falling apart. It needs a new case anyway.
bump
If your only problem is theft then just buy some good lock for the door and threaten your roommate that you will rape him to death if anything goes missing
Get an old school beige HP case or some shit and fill the bottom of it with lead weights.The few niggers who would steal a computer worth $20 will give up once they try to lift 100lb of slippery metal.
2015dormsReconsider your choices.nigs will steal anything. OP if I were you, I would invest in a lower-spec microatx sized build that you can hide in a drawer. People will think it's a modem.
Don't just rely on it being heavy. Black people are strong.Get some anti-theft cable and tether it to something solid.
, 
If I click on this, will it force me to upgrade?I just want to get rid of the icon. I don't want to upgrade at this time.
It's going to force you to upgrade whether you like it or not.
It would be extremely painful
Are you serious?Fuck off.
The upgrade isn't available for another 2 months.If you reserve you can cancel.
Uninstall kb3035583.

install gentoo
To reserve a copy and install "anytime you wish", does that mean I could theoretically use windows 7 for as long as I live?
Yes
Sure. You're not going to live any longer than two months, anyway.
who no updates master race here?
I got a pirated copy of W7 and don't have that icon. [spoiler];_;[/spoiler]
Learn to use fucking Google And no it won't force you to upgrade..
have fun getting rekt by a viruses because unpatched security holesthis isn't le piratebay trojan, this is opening up to complete system access because, while it normally gets solved for most users, you still remain openand don't give me that Common Sense antivirus shit, because there are shitloads of attack vectors, as long as you are connected, you are vulnerablemay as well use XP if you're just gonna do that m7
Confirmed release on 29 July
This. Fuck off idiot.
original W7 installed on this machine for 2 years no updates, no issuescome at me haxxor
Original W7No updatesWhat the fuck?
 Botnet problems thread. hey, I've got Botnet os, but there's this small icon that I want to remove, how? you can't, because Botnet I love privacy and customability
why would you ever do that hindsight will be 20/20 do you not even have sp1?I bet a large portion of the people that complain about windows here run it like you, then wonder why shit never works, even though there's a fix for itshits like a new OS in stability and other terms compared to launch
For everybody: it WILL download a 3GB update as long you hace Windows update activated, but it's up to you installing it
just uninstall the update?your whole post would be meaningless if not for the buzzword Botnet, so nigeria pleasethere are several ways to remove it also so stawpfor fucks sakes that's fucking terrible, where does it store it? %windir%?
Okay, so I'm deciding between these two machines.x250i5-5200u12.5in 1920x1080 IPS8GB RAM128GB SSDrMBP 13i5-5257u13.3in 2560x1600 IPS8GB RAM128GB SSDIt seems like the rMBP 13 will perform better because of the Iris 6100 over the HD 5500 which would be nice for the few games I do play like League of Legends, and I hate how Windows handles scaling. 12 inches at 1920x1080 is just too small for 1:1 scale.Advice?
The HD 6100 is much faster

muh specsYou'll regret the Thinkpad if you get it
Depends on your means, really.I don't own any Apple product, but the retina display is nice.
The configs I have posted are about the same price.OS X seems quite nice, actually.
x250single channel ram, doesn't have a second ram slotThe X250 is shit. Single channel ram cripples gaming performance on integrated graphics. Also it's overpriced at retail.
macbook pro. Faster processorFaster graphicsBigger screenHigher dpi screenSame ram, but fasterSame size ssd, but a hell of a lot fasterTwo mini dp out and hdmi outThinner802.11ACDat trackpadDesign and buildIs this even a real thread? The macbook decimates the x250 in literally all categories except battery life because you can buy a tumor of a battery for the thinkpad.
nice to play gaymes like league of niggers GAYMUR FAGS FUCK OFF ALREADY!!!!!GAYMUR FAGS FUCK OFF ALREADY!!!!!GAYMUR FAGS FUCK OFF ALREADY!!!!!GAYMUR FAGS FUCK OFF ALREADY!!!!!
rMBP, you'd be retarded to get the thinkpad.
Wait for one of those Lenovo corporate perk 40% off coupons to show up. I got my X250 for $700. Hell, there might be even one right now on slickdeals.Fuck Apple.League of LelOh, nevermind then. Go ahead and blow $1K to play a free to play game on the go.
get whatever ones cheaper and spend the difference on drugs
"i want to use thinkpad or macbook for gayming"OHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHO
careful not to fall for it
Anonymous 06/01/15Mon01:58:07 No.48269565â–¶     OP    "i want to use thinkpad or macbook for gayming"    OHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOYou're a moron. OP said he plays few games. Meaning it'd be mostly for something else.
really dude, if you want to play a few gayems and still do works, OP better go with cheap laptop that have dedicated GPU card like nvidia or radeon
The specs are pointless since on the PC you're using WindowsOne is running OSX and has a vastly screenSmart thing is to buy the 256gb rMBP 13" and make use of Bootcamp
I'm a student and  have the 12.5 Inch 1080p Thinkpad Yoga, and Windows Scaling is actually good until you find that one shitty program made by some retard who refuses to make their programs resolution independent.Fuck you Cisco and your shitty Packet Tracer.
Here is what 1080p on an x250 with 150% dpi scaling would look like
Maybe they are still using WinForms.
If you care about build quality get a E series Latitude

What are you working on /g/?IRC Channel:#/g/wdg @ irc.rizon.netWeb client: https://www.rizon.net/chatWhere to start[YouTube] WEB DEVELOPMENT - SECRETS TO STARTING A CAREER in the Web Development Industry embed[YouTube] WATCH THIS IF YOU WANT TO BECOME A WEB DEVELOPER! - Web Development Career advice embedLearning materialhttps://www.codecademy.com/https://programming-motherfucker.com/https://github.com/vhf/free-programming-books/blob/master/free-programming-books.mdhttps://www.theodinproject.com/Frontend developmenthttps://github.com/dypsilon/frontend-dev-bookmarksBackend developmenthttps://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_web_application_frameworks[Gist] backendDevelopmentBookmarks.md embedUseful toolshttps://pastebin.com/q5nB1Npt/ embedhttps://libraries.io/ - Discover new open source libraries, modules and frameworks and keep track of ones you depend upon.NEET guide to web dev employmenthttps://pastebin.com/4YeJAUbT/ embedHow I Got a Job in Web Developmenthttp://elliotec.com/how-i-got-a-job-in-web-development/
A simple JSON API.
Can someone help me out? How can I fix this css dropdown menu? So that if you aim at Google, it says Gmail below it.All my attempts to position it properly seem to fail.https://jsfiddle.net/c4hLmqh1/3/
To add: my goal is to add top: 50px; to .subdropdown1But the problem is .navbar has overflow:auto which hides all overflow.But if I disable that overflow control, the bar breaks.
What I can use to sort HTML table from the front-end ?I'm using Bootstrap + php for the back-end 
I have no idea what your question is. You can sort html tables with html.http://www.w3schools.com/html/html_tables.asp
Making mockup sites for local businesses to help myself come up with ideas that I might approach them with.
I'm creating a store app and I'm stuck on authentication, should I just use simple password hashing or should I use a library like oauth or open id?
I applied for this entry level job that I talked about here last friday. Waiting for a reply now. I'm sure the interview process will be hard and probably coupled with a few tests since it's a fairly 'big' company. I should be practicing my ass off and reading up on all kinds of things before I get an actual reply, but I just end up doing nothing.I wish I wasn't such a lazy motivationless piece of shit.
The code is all-round shitty.Use display: inline-block rather than float: left for your nav items.Also you have div  p inside your a/, which is technically valid in HTML5 but again, shitty.Also name your classes better.There's plenty of css-only dropdown menus around the web. Take one of those and learn from it.
You can put all your entries into an array and use array.sort but this will cause your page to freeze with large tabels
It's part my first attempt to make a proper css website. So I've got no clue yet what good or bad practises are. But I appreciate the tips.I searched for drop down menu's online, but I didn't really understand what was going on. So I figured I'd learn more by making one myself. But I still miss something, so I guess I'll have to look again.
Ever heard of pagination?
What does /g/ think of this?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qkvXwO2JOgPersonally I can't stand it.
Personally I can't stand it.That is because you have autism.
 Desmond Birch Nice to see someone who llikes to have a DVD drive!!! :OEven if its never used, its always handy to have!!! :OYeah might as well throw a floppy drive in too Desmond.
MLG
Its okay someone learning to build a computer and taking their first step
My biggest problem is just at the end when she turns the PC around and says "beautiful"I can see that shit cable management. It's not beautiful.And the MLG sweatshirt, the intro and outro are also pretty bad.
shows CPU, doesn't tell model number
When did fa/g/s start to build computers and base the end result on how pretty it looks on the inside?You know what's fucking beautiful? The engineering that went into making each part.You're no better than her.
H97K CPUnigga...
woodberry tbh lads
It looks band and it is bad. Good cable management shows your care for your computer instead of spaghetti everywhere. It helps with airflow especially in a case like hers where she has components blocking the intake fans.
no SSD2015
friendly reminder that you missed the bitcoin boat
But I caught the Dogecoin one.Made a good $500.
tfw lost a wallet with 7BTC in it that wasn't even worth $50 at the time
at least i got dogerich
I recall the moment I decided not to buy at 12 cents because I thought they were over valued...
I mined buttcoins and used mtgox but didn't cash out before they get "hacked" aka stole all our moneymtgox owes me around $10kbut then again, I mined them all with my mind-range graphics card back before bitcoin became popular, so I can't really complainpeople who actually "invested" in it buying rather than mining were fucking idiots though
having a botnet around that time could have been the biggest risk:reward of all time in that period
tfw I could have cashed out my PND for Â£500tfw I held on to it
I didn't miss it, I misused it.I sold 1000 bitcoins at $5 and use it to buy a $5000 motorcycle, crashed it 2 months later losing my virginity to a 16yo 4channer.Meanwhile my boss I showed at $0.40 went all-in and became a millionaire, then sold the business I worked at and the business died so I lost my job.
tfw ur brand new gtx560i architecture didn't efficiently mine btcwasn't cost effective at the current price, so didn't botherprice goes up by multiple factorsnvidia fuck off
i warned u about 4chan bro
I still have like 15 bitcoins from ancient time is this a lot?
Is ~$3500 a lot to you?
i even missed the dogecoin boat.
The "people" on this website are fucking inbred retards.You should know this by now.
Mining btc around 560 era was a dead end unless you had an amd card and very cheap electric, mining was only worth it before FPGAs came out, then with FPGAs for a while, then for a while again with ASICSSure, you could mine at other times but the time:profit ratio and the investment for the initial mining rig in btc directly was a a lot better
tfw I purchased and spent hundreds of bitcoins at under 10 dollars each
what the fuck is a "bitcoin" anywayhow do you "mine" digital moneylike how does it just generate out of nothing
Bought at $30. Sold at $750. New MBA and car. I did good for my self.
Ahorita no joven.
so as you know /g/, google has already made a statement that they will launch new android alphabetical version for every year. Which mean they will launch different android version ex. 6.0, 7.0, 8.0, etc.Is this a google way to slowly kill custom ROMs?
No
yesyes it is
Maybe
/G/,The only place on the internet where people complain about people circle jerking over windows whilst they circle jerk over linux.herr derr its a botnetboth are just as useful and good as each other, stop fucking moaning already.fucking elitists
But WindowsÂ® dosn't respect your freedom as GNU/Linux
Fuck off reddit gaymerWindows is only good for muh games and muh office for high school essays
WindowsJust as good
some people are more than happy with the amount of 'freedom' windows givesyou can game on linux with wine can't you?
Windows is slow and a pain to install and the only reason anyone ever uses it is because it comes preinstalled on every computer because Microsoft pays computer companies to put it there.
GAMESThat's the only reason to use Windows and it's the reason I use Windows. Linux will never be an OS for video games, and rightfully so. I don't really do anything productive, so I use Windows.The GNU/Faggots on this board use their OS because of programming and shit like that.
Windows is a piece of shit. It isn't good at all.
nope, it's fast if you don't fuck it up and people use it because it works great, you don't have to code to make it work and it has the biggest software librarypeople only use linux for the "freedom" placebo and to feel alternative
/thread
Are you a robot? You sound like a robot.
Fag. Try doing programming on Windows. I cry every time. Bonus :only use Microsoft software for programming.
both are just as usefulAND as good as each otherfor normie work, windows is betterbut for programming and general computer related autism, gnu+linux is far superiorgnu+linux is a far better designed operating system though... without a doubt

hurr durr install linux it's more stable and betterThanks, now my laptop doesn't wake up from suspend and I have to force restart it every time
what makes you think im from reddit...?
What is a decent paying tech job where I can sit on my ass all day and not have to interact with many people?
"last resort" tech support on third shift
What skills to you have?
I can defrag a computer
Can you install Adobe Reader?
I think the bare minimum is Google Ultron Knowledge
Sysadmin
was a good thread, godspeed anon
Story of pic?
jp hired maid guy
its a tranny posing for its tinder
If a job is so banal and trivial that you can do it without interacting with anyone, what's stopping someone from writing a bash 1 liner to replace you?
didn't do a daily backup? that's a fucking.no antistatic wrist strap? that's a fucking. every damaged part equals another hour i stretch her ass out. case wiring shit? oh, that's my cock down your throat. better swallow, otherwise that's a fucking.forgot to clean the computer of dust? bend over.i want a submissive sysadmin trap to fuck, i'd get her high as fuck and drunk and then tie her up and fuck her ass balls deep all day. if she does her duties properly she can just slut around on the bed wearing outfits and play games like a dumb bitch.
Contracted software developer?
Nightshift guard.Ask on /x/

Why dont you want to interact with other people?
actually using antistatic wrist strap
God speed Chisame, please come back.
newfag pls go. it's a /g/ regular
You can work at a repair shop. It doesn't pay THAT well, but its easy, almost no human interaction and you can "sit on your ass all day" and fiddle around with electronics.
newfag/b/
That's exactly what I do. Third shift service desk. Hours suck but pay is descent and I never have to talk to anyone. Just work on tickets from dumb VP's.
damage control
I remember when i was a technical writer, i sit all day making an instruction manual on how to operate an equipment, use a software or device. Little interaction except for the usual talking to SME, cascade the manual to people who are gonna use it and some minor reports. Can be boring as fuck if you dont like the subject but can be interesting when you are into it.
traps arent "her"s, you stupid braindead queer.
Pretty sure Chisame is still around, just without a camera and no new clothes.
I know here are a los of traps I'd like to be one of those, but i don't know the story of the OP pic and i read a little out it here and i'm curious about it
y-you don't know a random attentionwhore who frequents /g/probably desktop and ricing threadshaha! newfag
ELITES DON'T NEED NO STRAPS!
Anyone here use Modbot for Twitch or know anything about it?Modbot has added support for extensions which is pretty cool. Anyone have any idea if there is a pirated bankheist clone extension for the base Modbot?10 bucks for deepbot is meh if all I want is the bankheist system. There has to be a custom extension or something somewhere.
Bump for interest
ASUS WINS
HOW IS THAT FUCKING ACER VA PANEL HOLY SHIT CAN I FINALLY MOVE AWAY FROM 1000:1 STATIC CONTRAST ON HIGH REFRESH RATES?!
Is there a G-Sync 1080p monitor?
ASUS PG279Q 144hz 2560x1440 IPS G-Sync.800â‚¬k
Developers with JOBS, post your stats Age:  Race : Experience:  Curent Job :  Dream Job :  Language of choice :  Why'd you start coding : Rate : I'll start. Age: 19  Race : African American Experience: 6 Years Curent Job : Web Developer Dream Job : Computer Security / Pen-Tester Language of choice : Javascript  hate me  , C++ Why'd you start coding : Googled " How did they make runescape "   Rate : $25/hour At the globe; $50/hour freelance. inb4 nigger
 Age: 20 Race : German master race Experience: None when I started Curent Job : Webdev Dream Job : - this one is the best I can currently imagine Language of choice : PHP Why'd you start coding : Was shown some simple if/else stuff by a friend at the age of 14. Rate : 14$/hour + a small bonus every half yearHow the fuck do you make so much per hour OP
picAAAAAARRRRGGGGGHHHHevery single time
Because I'm in Boston, and we're competing really hard with San Francisco and New York for the best software city in the country.Plus, I made my way into the Tech industry through a lot of networking; I came straight out of the ghetto and people liked that about me for some reason. tl;dr : Kick ass mentors opened up some doors for meBut dude : PHP??? Why
I mirin' OP
He doesn't.196 years experienceAnybody who counts their early days of hello world sure as fuck doesn't have a job, much less in penetration testing.22White3 yearsSoftware testing and automationSomething that pays me moreRubyI was going to build a web-based POS and sell it to idiotsRate: $3500/month flat rate salary
If I post pics of my contracts, will you be my friend?
Well...Okay nigger-san
I guess you also have more costs in Boston and also more experience than me, Ha.PHP because fuck it, it simply works. I built something like my own framework that makes all shit database related pretty easy. Like, two hours and I have a fully working serverside for my smarthome or whatever.I don't get the hate on PHP. It's getting shit done and I've never had any trouble with it okay, the errors could be explained a bit better sometimes.
Web developerComputer security / Pen-TesterkekSorry to break it to you, but you're too stupid to be working in computer security. Running ping and script kiddie tools does not a pen-tester make.
 Age: 23 Race : White Experience: 3 years of actual work related experience. Been programming for 7 years. Curent Job : Software Engineer Dream Job : Dunno Language of choice : C# Why'd you start coding : Took an HTML course and hated it. The week of javascript we did was really cool though so I took more programming courses. Rate : Roughly $66,000/year
Age: 22Race: German Experience: 1 yr internship experienceCurrent Job: Software Engineer InternDream Job: Software EngineerLanguage of choice: Depends on the task, usually JavaWhy'd you start coding: I love computersRate: $30/hr
African AmericanStopped reading right there.
Kawaii cracker San! And to the kid who said I'm too stupid to pen test : I Started taught myself to code at 13, and at the age of 19 I'm being paid more than anyone in my family.. I'm an asset everywhere I go,, and I understand the fact people expect me to be the office nigga novelty, so I prove myself everywhere I go I'm talented bruh. Don't hate
Forgot pic
coding for one year$30/hour...Yeah but this shit gets me jelly. Congratulations bruh
Only taking two exemptionsNigga you giving the government an interest free loanGet your fuckin W4 sorted out
$14/hourIs this seriously what people in the tech industry make?I work a shitty manual labor job and I make more than that.
No, he's being seriously underpaid. I wouldn't take a job for less than 50k a year, and I was 18 while job searching.
 Age: 35 Race : white Experience: 3 years Curent Job : software engineer Dream Job : Architect Language of choice : c++ Why'd you start coding : hobby Rate : 67k / year
I'm 19, I have no idea how these taxes things work. I just know they are fucking me over on every check.Like I said before, nobody in my family has ever seen this type of pay. I had little advice, and was too embarrassed to ask my college graduate co-workers for help to be completely honest...
 Age: 23 Race : caucasian white Experience: 2 years Curent Job : Junior Software Dev Dream Job : System Analyst Language of choice : C# Why'd you start coding : I was 13yo, my family was poor and I had a bottom-line low computer. Not being able to run gams made me get interested into computers themselves. Fast forward a year and I have been selling  scripts for game servers for $ funny thing, father thought I was selling drugs Rate : depends, around 11$/hour. But I live in a country where minimal wage is 400$
Is this seriously what people in the tech industry make?I've been hired without any experience in that field and without any references. I'm a student working parttime with only about 1 year parttime experience now.I'm quite sure that I have more money than other students here, also because I only have to pay 180 bucks a month for my dorm room.
 10 years of actual coding experienceCome to the states, there are comfy tech jobs waiting.Make a linkedin and recruiters will literally call you out of the blue to pitch you a job offer.
Age: 20Race: USExperience: I've been in uni for two yearsCurrent Job: Software Engineer InternDream Job: Software EngineerLanguage of choice: Java I guessWhy'd you start coding: Video games?Rate: $26/hr
Yeah, I'm good with Europe. I may be interested in Huston area tho.Kind of hard for me to get past my shitty russian accent. I haven't tried sending any applications yet. You think monster is a good way to start?I also have nice linkedin page and been working in IT non stop since I was 18 local IT, junior PHP dev, Symfony dev, now this. Thanks for such nice words anon :3
Quit job to get a degree in CS lel, but I'll post my job details as of then Age: 23 Race : white Experience: 2 years 6 months sysadmin + 1.5 years .NET dev Previous Job : Junior .NET Dev C#, VB, plus all the shit that goes along with them like js, sql, asp.net, etc Dream Job : I don't dream of jobs, but anything high paying and low effort is good used to be a sysadmin for $80/hr which was nice Language of choice : Depends on the job but usually I end up with c/perl. Python and java are really cute though. Why'd you start coding : No reason, that's just how you use computer... Rate : $40/hr
 Age: 24 Race : Indian Experience: Few months Current Job : Reverse engineer in a comp sec company Dream Job : This Language of choice : C, ASM Why'd you start coding : Can't remember Rate : Â£29k/yr
No doubt dude, the best thing about the tech industry is the lack of dickheads. People are usually brogrammers. But you should look towards San Francisco if you want job security; I heard startups hire like crazy out there. New York has great tech jobs for people with your level of expertise, you could easily land a job with a very generous salary. Boston is just the best though. We're a small town, everyone knows everyone. Networking is so easy, and Boston always has that 'yeah man lets be cool man!' vibe to it. And yes, monster is a great platform imo. Not super professional ofcourse, but it gets what you need done. Good luck bro, hope you make it! Russian remote coders are the fucking best btw.
Race: US
aka white american slob
 Age: 19 Race :I don't know. I'm Brazilian, so black I guess. Experience: 8 years. Curent Job : Unemployed. Dream Job : Army officer. Language of choice : Python. Why'd you start coding :Needed money to buy stuff. Rate :20 American monies per hour for contract work.
I haven't worked in a year: I worked for six months before that and saved up fifteen grand and then went and did jack shit in Japan and Thailand for a while.I'll put the stats from my previous job for shits n giggles though Age: 32 Race : honky Experience:  6 months, and hobby shit Curent Job : none Dream Job : founding member of successful indie game dev studio Language of choice : C Why'd you start coding : games Rate : 27 USD per hour
OP why would you post a pic of your payslip you fucktard.
I love that picture so much...Age: 25Race: WhiteExperience: 4 yearsCurent Job: C# ASP.NET WebForms is the main technologyDream Job: I don't know, have my own software company? Language of choice: I don't know that many, currently C#Why'd you start coding: Into computers since I was a kid, felt like a natural progressionRate: In dollars about $2500 clean per month
Yeah I realized that was pretty dumb, got kind of arrogant....Then realized more than half the people in this thread make more than me. Ah. Oh well, will keep learning and eventually make as much as you guys :D
 Age: 26 Race:Fucking human you dipshit caucasian btw Experience:One year Curent Job: Programmer Dream Job: Lottery winner Language of choice: The least worst I've programmed is maybe C or Python Why'd you start coding:I worked on a factory and was doing good, but I browse /g/ since forever and I was like "dude I need to know this shit" and then I went to college IT, and I'm on the second year of it now. I'm liking it and I found this internship on advpl development and last year I was hired as a programmer. Rate: R$1995,37/monthThis is about 600 dollars, roughtly ~7000 a yearBeing brazilian kinda sucks
19 years old8 years experiencemfw
How did you become a reverse engineer??Please teach me , my Indian overlord :CS degreeCollegeLelzDon't join the Army, be a developer. Comfy tech chair  Guns
That rate needs to be parsed or something, whoa. But continue bro, there will never be a lack of need for developers.Not understanding that future generations will be code literate by the age of 10Not understanding cultural evolution
 Age: 28 Race :Snowflake Experience: 12 years, although I did some work while underageb& for extra monies. Curent Job : Managing director of a web dev house Dream Job :Repairing vintage radios Language of choice :Whatever is best for the job.   Why'd you start coding :To hurr get into game dev. Briefly had a stint at a games company, decided I didn't like it. Rate :Â£325/day ~$500
 Age: 20 Race : White Experience: Like 4~ years of personal projects Current Job : Freelance programmer Dream Job : My current one. Who wouldn't want to wake up at 3pm everyday. Language of choice : C and Python. Why'd you start coding : I wanted to write game hacks. Rate : $35 an hour. I always charge 30-35 hours even if I didn't work at all. Fucking sue me.
R$HUEHUEHUEHEUHEUEHUEHEMan you earn shit. Where do you live, and what do you work with?Not 8 continuous years. I used to fix computers when I was 12, then got some occasional web dev jobs from when I was 13.Actually I want to join the police but the police here is a miliary institution so I guessed I'd just say army.But being a developer is way too stressful. Fuck this shit.
I'd recommend getting a degree if you can, it was pretty fun. 3 years of nothing but chilling with mates, what's to dislike?I worked freelance during that time, and as you know you can charge whatever you want for freelance. Recently charged $300/hr for a python programming job - as long as you say it with a straight face you can ask for anything.I'm not pulling 6 figures from freelance, but it's enough for me to get by. I know of a guy locally who works freelance and makes a very healthy 6 figures. He works in geospatial, and apparently he has the market completely cornered around here. That's the real dream.
Age: 24Race: whiteExperience: 6 yearsJob: Linux kernel developer, mostly networking sounds more impressive than it is lolDream Job : mostly any position that will pay me more or anything that seems challenging/interesting at the timeLanguage of choice: C, C++, pythonWhy'd you start coding: took a programming class in college, really liked it, installed Linux and decided to major in itRate : 70k plus bennies, I'm expecting a long overdue raise at the end of the year though.
Anyone in the Computer Security area have any advice on how to transition from Web Development into Computer Security?My background is mainly object oriented methodologies, so I hopefully won't have to re-learn alot
There are so many different disciplines within computer security, you're going to need to be a little more specfic about what you want to do.
You count experience from full time work, not from designing a website here and there.8 years experience means literally 8 years on the job. If you worked weekends for 8 years then it's only around 1 year actual experience.I know a few guys who went into security private and gov't and all they did was apply for entry level jobs. You don't need to be a hacker who gets recruited or anything crazy, security is like any other job.
Lol I seriously doubt he has 8 years of experience on programmingAs a brazilian, you'd take classes on programming only if you got money, and that's not the case since he said himself that he needed money to buy stuff and brazilian rich parents just give shit to their kids
Not CompSec, although it is part of my job: there are only really two ways, knowing the right people and getting certified. Preferably both. You also have to be pretty good. If you don't know what CSRF or a NOP slide is or how to get around NX you're not going to stand a hope in hell.
Thanks man. Nothing comes close to getting knowledge from a guy firsthand. I will try to look on the Boston and San Francisco market. This seems so surreal, four years back I was struggling to pay our house rent and now going to america is as real as anything else. Life sure is good.Btw. I am not russian, I come from Poland. It's just that my accent feels just russian. Also you made me laugh with "little town Boston". I am living in a city called Gdansk, which is one of the biggest cities in Poland.. little over 400k lol.
It depends greatly on where you live. People think tech jobs make good money because the jobs in NY and SF throw the average way, way off. I live in Kansas City. My first programming job was $9/hr. My second job was $10/hr. Those were small companies though. I'm now working at a pretty big place pseudo-government and making $23/hr. That's considered really good here.
Hey OP any tips and advice to get into the field?Any good self teaching resources you recommend? Help a nigga out
Fuck! How do you guys get to work with all these cool technologies??I'd love to get paid to hack away at Linus. What the fuck. The only reason I'm so anti-college is because I'm very anti-education.I was raised in the inner city and had to deal with bullshit public education. The quality of what your forced into is just degrading. I ended up dropping out at 15, never even finished the 9th grade. And look at me now. It's a giant scam dude, especially in our day and age. Why force myself into indentured slavery for a piece of paper and 4 years of drinking beer? I get fucked up on the weekend with my bros, why should I pay ~100k to do it?What is stressful about sitting around and typing?
FlorianÃ³polisI got only a year of experience, that's the rate everywhere
Oh well. Then that's more like 6 years. I've had regular jobs since 14.
What is stressful about sitting around and typing?programming is sitting around and typingwebdev detectedMeh, you're actually well paid for a shit small city.
I fail to understand how people lose their train of though so easily. My PM tells me about the emails he sends all the time, but it never takes more than 20 seconds and I'm usually right back to whatever I was doing.Granted I am working in JavaScript; that might have something to do with it Age:21 Race :white Experience:5.5 years Curent Job :JS programming for HTML5 airplane simulation Dream Job :It was game engine development until this last GDC. I would still like to do it, but I don't think it's feasible as a full time job anymore Language of choice :I suppose I enjoy C the most, but I choose the language based on project requirements Why'd you start coding :School introduced me to it and I just fucking loved it. Until I got out of high school I was never able to think of a project to work on in my free time because I simply didn't know enough. That changed at the end of college. Rate : I think it boils down to 25 burgerbux an hour
Yeah of course my nigga. I suggest you start off with some object oriented language: It'll be hard but it'll make everything else sooo much fucking easier. C++ is the best language of all time, especially from a learning point of view.  O'Reilly Publishes great programming material, I've never come across a book from them that isn't quality. Practical C++ Programming literally changed my life. Join IRC's MAKE A GITHUB AS EARLY AS YOU CAN. EVEN IF ITS JUST 2 LINES OF CODE, JUST DO IT. Make a LinkedinGet on meetup, and go to meetups. Spend a weekend at a hackathon just shadowing the actual developers and you'll learn so much.If you really want in, I'll give you my email.  My whole dream is to bring code literacy to everyone... these opportunities are so retarded, it's retarded.
You won't pay 100k for a cs degree.It's not indentured slavery, I never put in more than an hour work a week on average including exam period. You get to network a lot, and fuck around in real life with people who also like computers.If you want to fuck around in a NEET-like fashion that is socially acceptable then well, it's not NET...Not that I value the actual degree though. Sure you get exposed to a lot of things, but if you've worked for a year already then you probably know more than a PHD will teach you.If you just want to make bank, then yeah, work.
I suggest you start off with some object oriented languagenoooooo
 Age: 21 Race : German master race Experience: ~11 years of programming Curent Job : Part time work at uni, currently doing both Linux administration and PL dev/research Dream Job : PL dev/research Language of choice : Haskell Why'd you start coding : It was fun Rate : ~1k â‚¬/mo
truth for networkingif you're not an aspie, you can befriend professors and your fellow cs students. i have friends at microsoft, ibm, and tons of other companies that i'm sure would help get me in the door when i'm looking for a new job
I mean even as a super duper NSA hacker, it all boils down toWhat is my problem?How can I solve this problem?Craft the logic to solve problemProblem solvedProblem not solved? Ask a senior / git guud/ stackoverflowsavemeplswelcome to programming? Or maybe I am just a babby web developer.
wow you clearly know nothing about problem solving or how it relates to CS
All sufficiently interesting problems are no longer defined over the domain of â€œinputs and outputsâ€ and require more than just â€œcrafting logicâ€ to solve.â€œCrafting logic to solve problemsâ€ is how to get through algorithms 101. Won't help you design a good type system.
1. Find something you want to do eg .NET seems popular in this thread, so ".NET webapp dev"2. find a website that has job listings and see what kinds of skills they are looking for eg WAMP familiarity, sql, asp.net, c#, agile methodologies, etc.3. Do the thing that you want to get the job for eg build an actual web app that is real and works.4. While building it just google "how to do X" whenever you have a problem, it's not rocket science. Try learn all the skills.5. You now have the skills and experience needed to do the job, so go apply for the job, show off that you can actually do the job.It's not that hard.
I mean I did exaggerate on a few points but still my point is I don't believe anyone should have to pay for the college experience... simply because It's only an experience. You could gain a much stronger network by joining a tech bootcamp for under 5k, going to meetups, and being active in your startup community. What really makes me hate college is the fact that we're brainwashed into thinking it's necessary to have a good life. I already get the 'OHMYGODHESBLACK AND NOT SHOOTING US' reaction when I tell people I'm working for a good company, but it HURTS when people are surprised I'm 19 and a drop out...
 Age: 26 Race : White as white can be Experience: 4 years Bachelor's of software engineer + IT Desktop drone, 3 Years Software Engineering,  Curent Job : Product Architect - Software Systems Dream Job : CTO Language of choice : I'm agnostic but I'm fluent in Java, Python, Ruby, Perl, and bash. I switch between them all Why'd you start coding : All the CLI tools that I was using were shit. Rate : 108k / year  + 8% salary quarterly bonus
web dev babby Age: 16pls goAlso you get paid literally what a burger-flipper does. What the fuck man?
make salarywake up at noon mondaygrab laptop and log into work vpn, check emails, the browse 4chan/youtube all day with a little work interspersedtuesday, mostly same thing, write small patch for fix bugstatus meeting on wednesday, "hey guys, I figured out what's wrong with x, I'll send a patch before the end of the week.send patch and do nothing for the rest of the weekI should really come up with some personal projects to work on though.  The problem is that if I don't have some vague deadline I'll just relapse back into 4chan and vidya.
Any programming program can be brought down to a set of test inputs and outputs plus constraints eg invariants, time, space.I'll agree with you that the job can be stressful, but it's all the other shit like deadlines, working with other people's code, people, having to learn new shit hey guys let's start using X tool/language because no reason.Or was there some other point you are trying to make?
I wasn't specifically talking about IO stream work, I'm trying to say as developers we tackle our problems with the same work flow.Identify problemIdentify potential SolutionsTestConfer with teamImplement/TestConferProductionI mean if I'm wrong, I don't doubt it.. But I'd still like for you to show me exactly where I'm wrong
It's an internship and I suck shit so Â¯\_ãƒ„_/Â¯.
Identify problemIdentify potential Solutionsyeah not hard amirite
Any programming program can be brought down to a set of test inputs and outputs plus constraints eg invariants, time, space.You mean all algorithms 101 exercises, yes.Or was there some other point you are trying to make?Sufficiently interesting problems are *not* about programming - that's what code monkeys are for.
I smell Florida. PBC?
Dumping more Dev comics. Just because.Anyone ever been subjected to peer programming?
developersPlease just fucking call yourself a code monkey if â€œwriting trivial programsâ€ is literally all you do.Also,IO stream workmy sides just left orbit
No dude this is definitely the hard part, and where the difficulty can vary from field to field... But my point is that everything we do as developers boil down to these 3 pointsIdentify problemIdentify potential solutionmagic
No. North Texas
By stream I meant work flow, not classes.. If that's what your sides just took off for. And I guess I'm a code monkey. But I'm a well paid one, and all of my free time is dedicated to becoming a master. So yeah. I'll be a 19 year old code monkey. But my 29, I will be Neo from the fucking matrix.
Oh, hello fellow Pole. Well, emmigration is always an option, but you'll probably miss Polish food, at least.I'm in Norway, moved here with parents a few years ago.I can't say much about money and jerbs, since I'm only a student, taking BS in Electronic Engineering now.
By stream I meant work flow, not classes.. If that's what your sides just took off for.Holy shit, this is getting more and more hilarious.Troll or genuine? If former, I applaud you
No one ever said the problems were about programming, but if your just is a dev job then you are going to be solving problems by programming eventually.Can you give an example of something that can't be solved with test driven development? I've only ever worked in TDD/agile paradigm, and I don't think I've seen anything written that can't be tested.Also I think any job that is a 'programming' job involves coding.Unless you are a sysarch or maybe lead dev you are probably going to be writing code every day.
Neo from the fucking matrixmy sides
 Age: 23 Race : Grand Prix of Monaco Experience: 4yr at what I do now Curent Job : Webdev Dream Job : Biorobot Design Language of choice : Python but Laravel is fine Why'd you start coding : Got some old handheld before the internets. Boredom I guess Rate : â‚¬18/hr plus the benefits that come with startups like playing the fucking Wii all the time and free organic salads and stuff
Pic Related : Why we should all strive to work for start ups or tech companies.
Hey. Nice to see you adapt so well, even going as far as for BS in a different country. Well, 3.5 years I spent on studying were the worst years of my life and really motivatd me to not waste time anymore.I'm a bit jealous of you, so youn and in a nice country too :3
Ok, what's so dumb about my post? How did I phrase this wrong? Input Output Work Flow  to my understanding : Dealing with input, creating output, using output as input, etc etcPlease, help me learn something.
When your application is wasting too much RAM and you don't know why and the memory profiler shows nothing obvious.
The problem is not your wording, the problem is the fact that you seem to be either high or underage and basically give off the impression that you have absolutely no clue what you're talking about.
Cool.
Hmm. Makes sense.Not wanting to be NeoWell, we must be very different people.
Any programming program can be brought down to a set of test inputs and outputs plus constraints eg invariants, time, space.plus constraints eg invariants, time, space.spaceI can see why you would say this isn't a "crafting problem" whatever the fuck OP meant by that, but it's not some magical problem as you well know.Maybe there's some miscommunication here, but to fix that problem you are going to need to code something. Programming is part of the solution.Refactoring is still programming.
 Age: 26 Race : German Experience: ~1 month Curent Job : NEET Dream Job : NEET living off royalties for having developed some program Language of choice : c++ Why'd you start coding : I thought I should try acquire a skill that's marketable and doesn't require going to university Rate : NULL
Don't go to Houston.Ever.Its a ringed shithole with nothing but oilfield and financial services. Drivers are aggressive and incompetent, and half of them drive "little dick" trucks.Stick to the coasts, or come to Louisiana.
 Age: 25 Race: White Experience: 6 years Current Job: Business-to-business data interchange in the healthcare industry 1TB/month Dream Job: Machine Learning for IoT. Language of choice: It depends. I write mainly Java and Python at work. I'd quit writing Java if C# ran as well on linux servers. I write Rust, Haskell and CPP on toy projects and my household server infrastructure. If I owned a company though, I'd basically mandate Java as the default language. Why'd you start coding: I had a Physics degree and was on-track to go to grad school. I started coding for labs on campus, then realized I liked it way more than research bureaucracy. Except web-development. I'd probably buy a taxi before doing web-development. Rate: $93K salaried. This doesn't work out very favorably hourly because we rotate an on-call phone. I probably average 55 hours/week, min 35, max 65.
 Age: 23 Race: The Jew Experience: programming since 14, serious since 19, employed since 20 Curent Job : Software Engineer Dream Job : Software engineer Language of choice : Javascript  Why'd you start coding : realized my TI-83 could do most of my algebra homework for me Rate : $112k a year
I think the dude was trying to say the difference between copying and pasting 400 lines of code, and creating complex architecture is the difference between a code monkey and a developer.I say it's the same exact shit, but with different 'magic'. We're all coding to some extent.
I just don't want to live in a oversized city again. Here in Europe everything is tucked in and smashed together. Living in London was a nightmare. So many people, so little privacy. You literally ran on other people while smoking a cig on the back of your own house.I heard bad things about Houston but it seemed like heaven-to-earth comparison to Europe. What would you suggest then?
Javascript DevMaking $112k a yearWhere do you live? Can I move in with you?BTW: Anyone else realize we're the only field where people under 25 can make damn near $100k+, without college degrees?Fuck yeah meritocracy.
Well, I moved here quite early, when I was in my secondary school, spend half a year on a Norwegian course for foreign children and went to a normal school after that for 4 years before uni.Studying here is pretty chill, though I'm at a meh-tier uni in my little shithole, since I didn't manage to get into the one I wanted the most, though I'm thinking about taking my masters in robotics there.It's not so bad here, the pay is good for many, basic Norwegian is not so hard to learn, though the food could be better and there is much smaller variety of products in shops in general. I probably shouldn't blog so much, but w/e.
 Age: 21 Race :White Experience: 1 year on the job, another year doing small personal projects Curent Job : Android dev Dream Job : No idea, working on Android Auto would be kind of cool I guess. Language of choice : Java, Python Why'd you start coding :Had a course in high-school and I was pretty good without putting in any effort. I started to like it and ended up studying Computer Science in a shitty university. Rate : Getting $4/hr at the moment, but I live in a very shitty East European country. Quite a lot of jobs get outsourced here.
Boston. We're cool. It's a small city, not very crowded.
its a little more complex than that most times.  There are a lot of problems which you have to solve yourself. Something is wrong figure out what is actually wrong figure out how its supposed to work step through in a debugger and/or do a ton of RE read a shitload of specifications and manuals run a ton of testsI'm a capabilities development specialist at the NSA, and I guarantee you that the steps necessary to solve problems are far more complex that what you've laid out.  If you're encountering real problems, rather than just lacking understanding of a common problem, you can't just ask someone, you need to come up with the solution yourself.
 Race : African Americanjust put in black
Black isn't a race
at the NSAyeah sureAmerican blacks are twice as niggardly.Neither is African-American.
It's probably somewhere in the bay area.112k a year is baby's first salary there, you can barely afford an apartment on that
But neither is African-American.Shit
Can I post if I haven't started my job yet?  Screw you I'm posting anyway. Age: 23 Race: White Experience: 6 years Current Job: Software Developer for a high-frequency stock trading company Dream Job: I know it's cliche, but anything for Google Language of choice: C++ or Java Why'd you start coding: I wanted to be able to write Python scripts in Blender Rate: $80,000/year
ok are you a white "african american"* or black "african american"*?* - that probablly never even been in africa
Congats on the job bro!I'm Caribbean African American.Lol, it makes absolutely no sense. Negroes have been stripped of their culture. I have no idea what type of African I am. My last name is Martin. I know for a fact my great great great great grandfather wasn't a fucking martin, haha. Yeah man, I'm just a nigga. I grew up in the projects, and my paradigm is all over the place. I'm still trying to figure most of this out, sorry bruh.
Bostonsmallnot crowded
age18racewhite, even though 4chan doesn't consider me white :experience 1 yearcurrent jobIT intern/studentdream jobsoftware engineerlanguage of choiceC++why I started codingI wouldn't say I like coding but I tolerate it more than other things, and I think I could do it for the rest of my life without wanting to kill myselfrate$10.50 an hour
 Boston is a small city. Geographically. Never mentioned the population ; Not as crowded as other major cities. Not even anywhere near as crowdedBut yeah, I did kind of spout some bullshit with that post lol
Boston, Lafayette LA, Idaho, Rome NY, Arizona, Austin TX
 I tolerate it more than other things, and I think I could do it for the rest of my life without wanting to kill myselfYou'll love it if you work on a side project that you're interested in with a team of people you love. Promise dude.
Don't bind the blogging, I think it's cool sharing your experiences. It's more cool that I am thinking about moving out.I can't imagine going through this change as a child tho. You seem like a chill guy but it has had to be tough. Thanks for sharing. Also come by anytime, will share some decent foodie with you.Thanks for being honest. Seems like boston is not for me.Gotta define my search filters then. I didn't even knew a city called Lafayette existed up until now. I can't even read it ;_; Thanks for being
 Age: 22 Race : Caucasian: Iberian + Slavic Experience: Fresh outta school with some internships Curent Job : Data Scientist Dream Job : CIO Language of choice : R Why'd you start coding : Originally to bot on Runescape, similar to OP. Rate : 105k base + 25k stock + unknown bonus
whatever you do, don't go too far east in the statesstarting with Chicago, the further east you go the more cramped it getsArizona seems like it might fit what you want. Phoenix is a pretty big city but it has some space the only problem is the weather, average temperature there is like 100 fucking degrees farenheit
It's not that small if you count Cambridge and all the places the T reaches. I would know, I've visited twice and moving there in a month for a web dev job. Great, vibrant city.
LafayetteThe state just started investing in a tech sector, so there's a few hundred jobs available but it has only been two years.
Fresh outta school105k base + 25k stock + unknown bonusNice
I'm looking for some advice and this thread seems like a decent spot to do that.I'm looking to either get a degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering. I'm not sure which one to choose and I'm having trouble deciding because I've already taken a bunch of courses on the path for CS and I would have to take a bunch of first year SENG courses if I went that path. Is going backwards worth it for SENG or should I continue on towards CS? Any advice is appreciated.
Yeah, I disqualified Boston and started looking @ Lafayette. Do wonder how it's gonna go. I will pick a few imigrant-friendly companies, or just goo offers, and apply for them today.
 Age: 18 Race: White Experience: 3 yrs Current Job: Software Engineer intern Dream Job: Software Engineer. Startup Fag King Language of Choice: Python probably Why'd you start coding: Took the same CS class as my HS gf Rate: $16/hour
 Age: 24 Race : white Experience: 6 months Curent Job : web designer/front-end dev Dream Job : same, but for a really interesting project Language of choice : take a guess  Why'd you start coding : because it was easier to fin a job as a front end than as a graphic designer Rate : ~7$/h, though that's quite damn nice in eastern europe, especially considering my experience
Don't get a degree. You'd gain much more valid experience by building. Join a tech bootcamp for credibility and network.I'm black, I'm 19, and I've got my foot in the door. I dropped out before I could finish the 9th grade. We can all make it without subjecting ourself to the evil shill that is corporate education/autism
Whats a good salary in the bay area then? I'm interviewing with companies out there and would like to know what I should be negotiating for...
Well, it wasn't so tough, since I started learning Norwegian already in Poland we actually moved because my stepfather is Norwegian and wanted to move back from Warsaw.The worst things were probably that I'm used to big cities and now I'm living in a place under 10k and I didn't really have friends here before uni, since everyone here knew everyone else from their childhood, so I was mostly talking with my friends from Poland on the net.You can always try talking with some Norwegian companies too, you could get by with just English in tech companies.
90 or better.80 is like 50 in Louisiana
Here : Glassdoor AngelistIf you're worried about having a network to wherever you move, check out startupinstitute.com .
He said $112k was low and would be struggling to get an apartment.I want to move out there but trying to adjust from New Hampshire is nuts. No sales or income tax here, there is both there. Not to mention housing is ridiculous.
 Age: 28 Race : European/Swedish Experience: Started coding when I was 8, had coding jobs since I was 11 Curentsic Job : Full Stack developer Haskell/Javascript Dream Job : Nothing Language of choice :  Idris Why'd you start coding : My father taught me C Rate : ~$200k / yr
moving to Faglifornia when Boston has plenty of tech jobs, lower cost of living, and driving distance to NH
Ah sorry, driving and didn't read context.Just loom at average rent and quadruple it. You shouldn't pay 25% of your gross income for housing

Most companies HQs are out there sadly. Boston isn't nearly as big as Silicon Valley. For instance the Google office in Boston is like half sales / non engineers.Also who the fuck would want to commute to Boston every day from NH? Even living in Nashua on the border that's a 2 hour commute in rush hour. And if you work in MA but live in NH you still have to pay MA state income tax.Anyways my plan is if I get an awesome offer I'll move out there for a few years then try to move back to New England. Maybe Seattle.
Just loom at average rent and quadruple it. You shouldn't pay 25% of your gross income for housingSo 120 minimum. Great.
 Age: 21 Race :Korean Experience: Still a student, couple internships on campus and a local company  Curent Job : Internship at a major  financial company in nyc Dream Job : Any big tech company,  preferably somewhere like Washington where the cost of living isn't too high  Language of choice : Java/C# Why'd you start coding :I wanted to make games bevause of newgrounds but i quickly grew out of it when i saw what cs really offered  Rate : ~3k bi weekly Companies in nyc are thirsty as fuck for devs
Age: 19Race: BritbongExperience: Not much, never did any work before getting my current jobCurrent job: Project manager and technical lead for a project at big blue british bankDream job: Lead developer of trading applicationLanguage of choice: Python Switching to Go slowlyWhy'd you start coding: Currently the best way to make moneyRate: Â£1400 after tax per month flat-rate with yearly bonus last one was Â£1800 before taxWelp.
Other than Boston, SV, and NY what are some good cities for developers that offer close to the same salaries?
You can live with roommates but because you aren't already living in the area it's hit or miss trying to find cool people who aren't sociopaths.But as a whole the bay area populous is more "high-tech" than most areas.I'm in Florida right now and my company is trying to get me to move to the home office in San Mateo.Florida is a shithole, but no federal income tax and cheap leaving is king.
Don't just look at the salary,  you need to factor in cost of living.  Theres a reason why salaries in thise areas are so high.
Living
implying I meant to commute from NH every daySeattleLos AngelesHeard good things about Houston and Austin, though I'd never live in the southTo a lesser extent:ChicagoToronto
What are the areas with a good balance? I feel like I could stay in Boston for a while, even when I move out I'm not going too look for an apartment more than 1 week of my salary.
but no federal income taxWhat? How does Florida avoid FEDERAL income tax?
Sorry, state.Nice catch, I'm off this morning
There's no real answer for that, it's really subjective. All I can say is keep doing digging
We do pay federal, I'm sure he meant state. North florida here. Bunch of rednecks but man it's cheap.
implying I meant to commute from NH every dayTrue but whats the point of having NH close by if you don't live there? Or was your point "why move 3000 miles"?
Ah so its like a cheaper New Hampshire then. New Hampshire isn't that cheap as far as rent goes. Better than Boston obviously but worse than Western MA.
Point was that you could still easily go back to NH regularly to visit people and places you know.
26h'white5 yearsSoftware developerSenior Software engineer or something, maybe start up my own software companyJava, C++People told me it was a good career choice, I tried it out and I enjoyed it and here I am.I don't get pair hourly though, I get paid Â£30k per annum + bonuses + holiday pay + a bunch of other stuffThe salary is baby tier, but so are my skills. I feel pretty shitty about the fact that I got into programming late, so I'm pretty much shit compared to every other programmer, so seemingly started programming as a pre-teen or teenager, plus my maths skills aren't that great. One of my co-workers started programming at 8, graduated from Imperial College London and is miles in front of me.tfw you will always be second best, if that
 Age: 21 Race : white Experience: 5 years Curent Job : intern working on IIS Dream Job : kernel dev Language of choice : C Why'd you start coding : it is fun. Rate : 7k/month 43.75/hour
 being jelly
Underage b&.
Language of choice: Java I guesswhat the fuck is wrong with youi bet your favorite drink is water
Sao Paulo? I want to move there. I feel like I don't get robbed enough.
Awful lot of liars in this thread.
21White1 year on webdevNo job back on uni after 1 year placementDream job is no jobBest language: JSWhy? Because lazy fuck, sit at home 24/7Rate: had Â£14k/year on placement
poorfag unemployed NEET detected
I was scared that if I didn't I would have no futuretopkek
Age: 47Race: WhiteExperience: 22 yearsCurrent job: lead software architect at Accenture.Dream job: Haven't given much thoughtLanguage of choice: C++Why'd you start coding: University course. Loved it so I continued.Rate: around 9000 euros a month.
 Age:  19 Race : Arab Experience: None Curent Job : 10Weeks- Internship Dream Job : Something Low-level Language of choice : C, C++ Why'd you start coding : I don't remember Rate : 4.2 Euros a hour.Job is pretty shit and stressful. Can't wait to go back to uni.
There are textbooks on queues?
I didn't know there were so many Germans on this board.
N E W Y O R KE W Y O R K Tumblr pls go.
 Age: 31 Race :white Experience: like two years Curent Job :"Associate Software Engineer"I write firmware for machine vision sensors  Dream Job : Where I'm at right now is pretty awesome actually.  It's such a casual work environment but there are so many really smart people, we make a high-end cutting-edge product for businesses who can spend a lot and this industry is just blowing the fuck up and going everywhere right now Language of choice : C99 with gnu toolchain Why'd you start coding :Got tired of manual labor and shit pay Rate : works out to like $35/hour
Just keep doing CS.We can't answer this question for you.You need to make some friends in the industry and ask them.This is really easy since we all use the Internet.Make friends on IRC and ask them.
Jesus Christ.My father taught me how to ride dirt bikes and hate myself.Thanks Dad.
 Age: 28 Race : Master Experience: 12 years Current Job : Penetration Tester / Systems Architecture  Dream Job : Getaway Driver Language of choice : Java / C Why'd you start coding : Too much free time Rate : $136k/year
Companies in nyc are thirsty as fuck for devsNice.I heard that NYC was much more selective than The Bay. It's nice to hear a disagreeing opinion.
I'm . I was a mathematician by training, so getting the "wrong" degree isn't catastrophic. CS and SE are so close it likely won't matter at all. Since you are already doing CS, keep doing that.
Age: 18Race: WhiteExperience: 1 year Current job: Android Development at a small startupDream job: Sellout MillionaireLanguage of Choice: JavaWhy did you start coding: I thought people who could program were amazing and I idolized them.Rate: $18/hr
 Age: 22 Race : European-American Experience: 3 years Current Job : Peon for small web developing outfit Dream Job : Cybernetics Language of choice : Lisp Why'd you start coding : When I was 14 I wanted to make Flash games. I couldn't find the resources to help myself so I gave up. Later in college I took intro to CS and I was good at it. It seems like I'm better than 80% if people in my department so that's good. Rate : I get $12.50 an hour. Yes I know.
This thread is making me realize that $80k starting salaries aren't ubiquitous.
I was really surprised,  the interview was really easy and Iumd  was competing with cmu/upenn/col kids. I'm very happy to say the least,  this is gonna look great when i actually go job hunting.
i realized that glancing at this thread most of you guys are in web dev; is it the easiest position to get into assuming i learn the languages and put on some projects on github? i dont have any experiences right now college student and i thought it's good to have something on my portfolio
Yeah web devs are pretty low on the totem pole of software devs
nigger
 Age: 28 Race : White British Experience : 4 years Current Job : Freelance front end web dev Dream Job : No idea. Happy doing this. Language of choice : Javascript. Why'd you start coding : So I could edit MySpace layouts. Rate : Currently Â£30 per hour, higher soon hopefully. Was on Â£26k plus bonuses recently until quit job to freelance.
 Age: 27 Race : American Black Experience: 14 yearsif [lul]HTML counts 11 years if it does not. Current Job : Freelance and Micro Systems Analyst and Schoolsoonish Dream Job : Veterinarian Language of choice : C++ and Java Why'd you start coding : Played Neopets.com when I was  younger. I needed to make some guild layouts which made me familar with HTML. Took a programming class in high school and it was Java. High school was torture for mebullied constantly and my only safe zone were the programming classes where I made real friends. Rate : $27 USD/hour. I like to codelel so nerdy exdee! but I really love animals. I want to run a not-for-profit pet hospital.Jews and Mudlims are the enemies.
Age: 22Race:whasianExperience:work: just startingcourses: 2 yearsCurent Job:half software dev, half customer support-ish roleDream Job:Monsanto as a computational biologist, probably. my undergrad was in computational bio/bioinformatics.also had a minor in children's studies; if I could make money doing it, I'd work with kids.Language of choice:Mathematica. Python 2nd, I guess.Why'd you start coding:I needed another course and was getting disillusioned with my premed shit. Orgo II and CS I in the same semester sealed the deal.Rate:a little over 60k/yr for my first year.if you know who i am from this just text me i'm lonely
Not if the work can easily be done remotely and doesn't require strong English skills.The real demand now is for people with actual engineering and low level system skills.  Embedded systems just continue to blow up while everybody in school wants to just learn web development and app design.
age: 28race: beanerexperience: 2 yearscurrent job: UNIX sysadmindream job: computer security specialistlanguage: Perl, UNIX shell, sometimes Pythonwhy I started coding: Visual Basic 6 programming in high school
Is whasian short for white asian or whale asian.  Depending on your answer i might text you
uh, well. white and asian but also hefty so sure
True, the key to making it in programming is to literally be a hipster and work on the most underground programming jobs you've never heard of. That's why even in the land o no engineers that is Mexico you will have a hard time working on websites, vidya and mobile apps, because it's mainstream computer engineering, and hipster engineering would be something more like embedded systems, enterprise information systems SAP developers here make fucking huge wads of cash fresh out of bebby's first ABAP certification, database development or UNIX system administration.
You guys live in the Seattle area?
nah. I'm   and am in the midwest.
You got into programming late?  I'm just getting into it at 31.  I'll be 32 in December.  Been doing the same mindless job since 18.
 Age: 22 Race : Caucasian Experience: 6 months professional Curent Job : Junior Developer mostly .NET Dream Job : Porting games to GNU/Linux at Aspyr Media or something Language of choice : Golang Why'd you start coding : Cause I was a nerd Rate : 16$/hour with a bunch of benefits
I live south of Tacoma.
22Island Style4 years professional, 3 hobbyC/JavaBecause I like to solve problems106k.And now OP we teach you a lesson about common sense.Reporting Relationshiphttps://www.linkedin.com/in/salinabrownAlso pretty sure you've vioalted your contract so enjoy the severance package :
haha. That is why I never post any of my real life credentials on a site like this. Some white guys get buttmad when someone of color is better than them at their field.I am 
 Age: 23 Race : White Experience:  1 year professionally Current Job : Software Engineer Dream Job : Professional athlete Language of choice : C++ Why'd you start coding : Friend convinced me to take a CS class in high school so we could have a class together.  Didn't think of anything else to major in so I stuck with it. Rate : $57k/yr
Im leaving seattle this week. If you dont have a masters, dont bother coming here.
White
tfw I switched to an associates in web dev only because I wouldn't be able to afford a transfer degree to uni to finish comp sci & engineering degreebehind in math so it'd take somewhere up to 6 years to finish bachelors if i didn't switchit'll only take me a year to finish web dev degreeI can just come back to finish my bachelors later right?This thread makes me jelly as fuck
 Age: 24 Race: white Experience: 2 years professionally Curent Job: web dev  Dream Job: embedded systems or some other low level stuff would be cool  Language of choice: C or obj-pas  Why'd you start coding: I liked creating things and I liked computers Rate: $11.5k/yr eastern yurop exchange rates ftw
Oh, I did not even finish my degree. I am just here to make a bit of money for school. I do not want to use student loans. Freelance work is pretty good though.
what are your plans now?
Age:22Race:White/Euro AmericanExperience: CS Degrees + internship each yearCurrent Job: developing some stuff for my dad he runs a small buis making custom software for large companiesDream job: Spacex/bitcoinLanguage of choice: JavaCC++Started: because I always liked computers had access to computers from a very young age when most people didn't have internet I have 20mb/down 5 up people would come over to gamerate: family paid for my college so 90k total I haven't done enough to pay them back for that yet.
 Age: 26 Race : white Experience: 4 years hobby projects Curent Job : NEET Dream Job : NEET, or something not cancerous like webdev where i can keep developing skills. Language of choice : Haskell, C Why'd you start coding : wanted a better way to manage my anime Rate : âˆždunno what to do next. going down category theory/ theoretical maths path to keep myself from getting bored. most jobs look boring or won't hire without degree or experience with cancer technologies. have enrollment in college to fallback on if i can't find anything better. i welcome advice.
 Age: 19 Race : German is that even a race? Experience: Have been on-and-off coding for 6 years, though I'd say 1 year real experience max. Curent Job : boy for all at university Dream Job : software developer, but involved in business. Don't know how to describe. I don't want to sit around coding in my cubicle 24/7 like a code monkey but I also don't want to travel around like crazy like a consultant Language of choice : I don't know, I like them all, but currently probably C++ and python Why'd you start coding : wanted to make game hacks for my favorite shooter game  I did, made about 1000â‚¬ with it even which was a fuck load of money for a 14 year old, but blew it all on premium stuff on said shooter game... Oh the stuff we do when we're young Rate : $11/hour + $400 bonus per year. But I only work half of my hours at max. because nobody cares at da gubbamint lel. So basically $22+/hr
Looking for some advice, hopefully someone here can help.Just graduated last week with a degree in physics from a decent UK university. Achieved first class honours, so I know physics and maths to a pretty high level. I have no interest in getting a PhD and working in academia. Decided my dream job would be some kind of developer at a games company, maybe a physics or audio programmer, something along those lines.Problem is I have next to no programming experience. Is it even possible to get hired as a junior or trainee programmer where you can learn on the job? Or am I going to have to get some random shit job and teach myself how to program in a few languages before I have any chance of landing a developer job somewhere?I'm 28 now so I don't really want to put off getting a career any longer. Most of you here seem to have what I would consider great careers, or at least great prospects. What should I do?
UK28Your life's over m8.
21Whitenone, fresh out of collegeMathematicianMathematicianMath formulasbecause I wanted to300k starting salary, can work anywhere I want to work, pretty nice
I guarantee you're not African americanyou're just american.
 Age: 23 Race : Cracker Experience: 1.5yrs Curent Job : Jack of all trades web developers Dream Job : Having enough money to sit on my ass playing vidya games day in and day out Language of choice : C# Why'd you start coding : Great job opportunity and pay. Always new challenges to overcome and features to build so the job always stays fresh. Doesn't really feel like work to me.  Rate : 3k monthly salary atm. 5k this fall. 8k next summer.
2.5yrs***
You must be a foreigner.  African-Americans perpetuate the concept they're different from the rest of us and can't be held to the standards of White America.
 Age: 24 Race : White Experience: 2 years professional, 2 years school Curent Job : Software Developer Dream Job : Writer Language of choice : Java, Scala Rate : 120k Why'd you start coding : Money.Coding is the only thing I didn't suck at that could actually earn me money. In actuality, I'd rather be a writer and live somewhere isolated.
 Age: 28 Race: White American Experience: 6 years Curent Job : technically software engineer 3, but I have 5 full time direct reports, lead a ~20-dev team, and don't write a lot of code Dream Job : software architect at small consumer software developer post-startup phase Language of choice : C# Why'd you start coding : I had a TI calculator and a lot of down time at school Rate : 140k yr, plus significant bonus/benefits. cost of living is real low here, so that goes a long way
 Age: 18 Race : Hispanic/White Experience: ~2-3 year Curent Job : Freelance Java Dream Job : Research Language of choice : Java Why'd you start coding : $$ Rate: 100 usd/hri die b/c crazy hours + full college course load
I'm a noob at high level programming but I've tinkered around with electronics a bit. How hard would it be to get a job in embedded software/hardware?
 Age: 24. Race : mixed eastern European & hispanic, but I look white as fuck. Experience: internships, internships everywhere.  After university, I wrote software at a defence contractor for a year. Current Job : research scientist, but I'm not allowed to call myself that since I don't have a PhD. Dream Job : astronaut. Language of choice : Haskell. Why'd you start coding : I wanted some games on my TI-83+, and I was too cheap to buy the $20 serial link cable. Rate : $25 / hour, but only if I can work part time.
Age: 21Race: FinngolianExperience: 2 years of security researchCurrent Job: Application Security InternDream Job: pretty much living itLanguage of choice: python, c, asmWhy'd you start coding: wanted to be leet haxorRate: $30/hr
 Age: 23 Race : white Experience: 3 years intern/job Curent Job : WebDev Dream Job : Systems Language of choice : Clojure Why'd you start coding : I enjoy solving problems Rate : 60k year in midwestHow are there so many people younger than me with more professional experience? I feel like I've been pretty fast-tracked.
start at new companycompany does oil exploration stuffonly have a little ruby web dev experience"can you do these unit tests?""uhhh""great!"millions of dollars of equipment now depends on a weeaboo web monkey
 Age:20 Race: White Experience: Working for brother as a web developer front end dev, js, php, wordpress plugins,3+ years. Also 'been doing android games with java & libgdx. Also worked IT in the military conscript, 9 months. Current Job : All the things above except the military thing. CS @Uni starts in the fall.  Dream Job : Probably web deving so that I have energy in my free time to program games and work on serious problems. Language of choice : JS, java. C & C++ feels like a mountain to climb, but I'm interested in them and might learn them on my own time during uni. Why'd you start coding :Started programming as a kid wanting to create games.  Rate : ATM ~2500â‚¬ for 3 months plus 50% comission on projects we land. Currently doing front end dev for a social media site that'll pay about 5000â‚¬ for me. Hoping to land another basic website for a big government-backed organization that'll pay well considering the amount of work. I've been planning to do 3 years of uni kinda like B.Sc. in us?, gathering more real world experience during summers and school, and then say fuck it & try to get a job in US/silicon valley. Is that a retarted idea?
age:23race:white nzexperience:2 years devcurrent job: web dev in php/python/jsdream job: ???language of choice: pythonStarted: wanted to script morrowind modsRate:50k a year
 Age: 28 Race :Caucasian Experience: 15 years Current Job : Computer engineer, industrial automation industry Dream Job : Doing fun stuff with LEDs Language of choice : C Why'd you start coding :Ghost in the Shell
Developers with JOBS, post your stats Age: 27 Race :Hispanic Experience: 15 years Curent Job : Software Engineer Dream Job : Software Engineer Language of choice : Haskell, python only using JS nowadays Why'd you start coding :Curiosity Rate :114k/yr + bonuses + equity
Not a retarded idea at all, I'm studying for the interview process for exactly the same thing at the moment
 Age: 23  Race : white Experience: 2 years full time + 2 years part time Curent Job : Android app developer Dream Job : embedded engineer. At least something that involves fewer design bullshit. Language of choice : C++ Why'd you start coding : form of creativity yes it's a form of art Rate : 1700/after tax jews
Age 26Race: Caucasian - AustralianExperience: 7 YearsCurrent Job: Software ArchitectDream Job: Successful EntrepreneurLanguage of Choice: JavaScript w\ Meteor for Web Dev, C++ or C# for pretty much everything elseWhy'd you start coding: Wanted to make gamesRate: $88, 000 p\a + Super + 1% Profits.
 Age: 24 Race : Caucasian - Australian Experience: 4 years Curent Job : Cloud Services Specialist buzz buzz Dream Job : Self-employed Language of choice : Python, Perl, Golang Why'd you start coding : Lazy.  Why do something when you can write something to do it for you. Rate : $90k/year + Super + benefits laptop, phone, etc
Im making a bubble sort but it's not sorting.public void bubbleSort    {       forint x = 0; x  logicalSize; x++{           forint y = 0; y  logicalSize - 1; y++{               if allSongs[y].getArtist.compareToIgnoreCaseallSongs[y+1].getArtist == 1{                   Song temp = allSongs[y];                   allSongs[y] = allSongs[y+1];                   allSongs[y+1] = temp;                }            }        }    }bubbleSort;                        allSongs[count].getSong;//displays a list of song attributesthe artist:alexnathlueclare
Please use code tags.Please don't use an On^2 sorting algorithm.Please don't use a naive implementation of said On^2 sorting algorithm.
he does not know anything about o notation anon
public void bubbleSort{forint x = 0; x  logicalSize; x++{forint y = 0; y  logicalSize - 1; y++{if allSongs[y].getArtist.compareToIgnoreCaseallSongs[y+1].getArtist == 1{Song temp = allSongs[y];allSongs[y] = allSongs[y+1];allSongs[y+1] = temp;}}}}
With proper indentation
Run it on gentooShould work
public void bubbleSort{    forint x = 0; x  logicalSize; x++{        forint y = 0; y  logicalSize - 1; y++{                if allSongs[y].getArtist.compareToIgnoreCaseallSongs[y+1].getArtist == 1{                Song temp = allSongs[y];                allSongs[y] = allSongs[y+1];                allSongs[y+1] = temp;            }        }    }}
I think your if condition is the problem. Why is it on ==1 rather than 0?compareToIgnoreCase: a negative integer, zero, or a positive integer as the specified String is greater than, equal to, or less than this String, ignoring case considerations.
compareToIgnoreCase returns an integer greater than 0 if the string is bigger, not just '1'.You should be using " 0" instead of "== 1".Also your looping logic is inefficient. After every loop, you can guarantee the last element is the biggest one, meaning you don't need to check it again.Soforint x = logicalSize; x  1; x++{    forint y = 0; y  x - 1; y++{Is a lot more efficient.
PS: Use a watch expression / inspect / variable trace in your IDE's debugger together with a breakpoint on the if condition and stepping.You'll see what's going wrong.
 0 ty Anons
You should be using " 0" instead of "== 1".He should be using  0.He wants to do the swap if the artist from song[x+1] from the method argument is smaller than one from song[x], right?
" 0"Oh right, I wasn't thinking too hard about the logic. I just thought that since he used '1' before, it should have been " 0".
your printed mousepad1 fucking dollar, world widegoogle pad mouse cow artsZ099MOUSEPADG3TH2remember, rememberget a new ip for your second padpost your code for fellow anons in case the above expiresthe pads end up slightly darker than how they look on your screen, so brighten them up a bit before uploading
This is the Lisp General, ask any and all Lisp questions here. Below is a link to the general's pastebin which contains many links to various books, documentation, websites, and other interesting information.Check the pastebin first:             Read the FAQ:http://pastebin.com/u/g-lisp-general  http://pastebin.com/aDfDm5sZHere's the /g/ wiki's page on Lisp:http://wiki.installgentoo.com/index.php?title=LispTo foster discussion:Which dialect do you prefer?Do you use Emacs or a different lisp-based editor?What was your first experience with lisp?What have you made in lisp?What is your favorite Lisp program?What do you like about Lisp?How do you think Lisp is one of the superior programming languages?How long have you been programming in Lisp?What are your favorite Lisp resources? Please share, preferably links!Is Lisp your main programming language or not? Regardless, what do you primarily use it for?What would you like to see in the Lisp general?What was your favorite aspect of the Lisp machines?Do you think we'll ever get something similar to the LispMs again?What is your preferred method of documenting your code?In the dialects that allow it, do you make many reader macros or not?Do you use more than one dialect? What are they and which do you prefer?What do you consider the criteria for what constitutes a Lisp to be?What is your favorite function in your chosen dialects?The previous thread:https://rbt.asia/g/thread/48197267Challenge:Implement your own append and nconc, or destructive append.
Trying to implement vt100 terminal emulator and learning mcclim in the process.Ended up implementing gimped text editor, should have used clims own drei but it's poorly documented.for the challenge, a utility I have useddefun mkstr &rest args  let text with-output-to-string ss        dolist item args          cond stringp item             write-string item ss            characterp item             write-char item ss            atom item             write item :stream ss            consp item             dolist x item               write-string mkstr x ss    textdefmacro conc-str str &rest lst  `setf ,str funcall #'mkstr ,str ,@lst
bump
http://www.lispworks.com/documentation/lw60/CLHS/Body/f_nconc.htm Returns a list that is the concatenation of lists. If no lists are supplied, nconc returns nil. nconc is defined using the following recursive relationship: nconc =   nconc nil . lists ==  nconc . lists nconc list =  list nconc list-1 list-2 ==  progn rplacd last list-1 list-2 list-1 nconc list-1 list-2 . lists ==  nconc nconc list-1 list-2 . lists
http://www.lispworks.com/documentation/lw60/CLHS/Body/f_append.htm append returns a new list that is the concatenation of the copies. lists are left unchanged; the list structure of each of lists except the last is copied. The last argument is not copied; it becomes the cdr of the final dotted pair of the concatenation of the preceding lists, or is returned directly if there are no preceding non-empty lists. append 'a b c 'd e f ' 'g =  A B C D E F G append 'a b c 'd =  A B C . D setq lst 'a b c =  A B C append lst 'd =  A B C D lst =  A B C append =  NIL append 'a =  A
How's this coming along?
In hopes of spurning at least a bump for this thread: CL babby here, I'm having trouble doing something really simple here. Any wizards care to help me with this? defun reversotron stringlet x nilloop for c across string docons c xmapc #'princ x
https://clojurians.typeform.com/to/b4I3Nv Clojurians A new slack community for people who love all things Clojure. Discussions around #clojure #clojurescript #datomic #datascript #webdevelopment and more
#clojure #clojurescript #datomic #datascript #webdevelopmentKill me now.


it's actually a good place, not much talking though - any of you guys in there?
*raises hand*
nice! I still haven't talked  mainly because I consider myself a begginer - but feel free to get in touch, I'm ergl in there
Is Common Lisp best for AI? I want to make a chatbot that forms longterm relationships.
it's actually a good placeI'm sure.I just wish we could #stop #this #shit.
Which dialect do you prefer?Scheme specifically chickenDo you use Emacs or a different lisp-based editor?Emacs with geiserWhat was your first experience with lisp?The little schemerWhat have you made in lisp?I'm working on a stupid game right now, everything else has been simple shitWhat is your favorite Lisp program?What do you like about Lisp?The lack of rulesHow do you think Lisp is one of the superior programming languages?Because it's malleable How long have you been programming in Lisp?Almost a yearWhat are your favorite Lisp resources? Please share, preferably links!The little schemer, emacs wiki, and the chicken wikiIs Lisp your main programming language or not? Regardless, what do you primarily use it for?right now it is. Game programming, the same thing I use every other programming language for since it's funWhat would you like to see in the Lisp general?SchemeWhat was your favorite aspect of the Lisp machines?LISPDo you think we'll ever get something similar to the LispMs again?Only if one of us can get off of our asses and start doing itWhat is your preferred method of documenting your code?Emacs-styleIn the dialects that allow it, do you make many reader macros or not?no, i haven't had my macro enlightenment yetDo you use more than one dialect? What are they and which do you prefer?I use scheme and emacs lisp sometimesscheme is the best but emacs lisp is interdasting I guessWhat do you consider the criteria for what constitutes a Lisp to be?parentheses, s-expressions and listsWhat is your favorite function in your chosen dialects?uh... cond is pretty amazing
Out of curiosity, why not Racket? I'm a beginning Common Lisper with little experience in either
Racket forces you to use classes to do anything serious, and it does it in the worst possible way, by introducing new syntax punctuation [ and ] which thows the entire concept of homoiconicity out the window.Chicken just gives me functions from C libraries and lets me do what I want with them.
Not that classes and oop can't be great in small doses when done well I just don't like being forced to use them to do simple things like opening graphicsIf I was ok with oop being forced everywhere, I'd use Kawa
by introducing new syntax punctuation [ and ] which thows the entire concept of homoiconicity out the window.What are you talking about? [ and ] are synonyms for  and  and even { and }. You can use them interchangeably throughout you program so long as they properly match.
you can use them interchangeablydisgustingThat makes me like racket even less
I thought that  interchangeability was part of the Scheme standard.
this.And where does it states that you're forced to use classes?or give examples
that completely takes away the homoiconicity of lisp, I would never use anything but parens in any lisp codeThe gui module is completely dependent on oopgtk is not
No. It doesn't. Do you even know what homoiconicity means?
The homoiconicity is one syntax for everythingparens and s-expressions for functions, conditions, lists, everything
homoiconicity in this context means the same list structure for code and data. Even though you have [] and {} in the language it all means the same, you can still treat the source code as a list
Homoiconicity is not dependent on parentheses. You can have homoiconicity with curly brackets, brackets, or even angle brackets, etc.
Still looks ugly as fuck if they're intermixed
see
I would never use anything but parens in any lisp codeThen don't, but people are going to call you out on your shit if there's a style guide that says to use brackets.
I disagree.  It provides visual distinction to certain areas of code, and makes things more readable.
I agree with this. There's nothing philosophically wrong with a Lisp that behaves this way.
Going out the way of the thread a little bit to address the title.What's going on mister? Are you tired of Lisp or just the /g/ space dedicated to it?
I think they've gotten tired of making new threads. They've been really slow and dying quickly lately. : Let's get some action in here guys.
I can't believe that you are ditching a well documented language with one of the best communities just because a syntax issue that's completely optional. Who gives a damn if people call you out for not using brackets?
I was actually tired when I made the thread.   is also right, however.I'm getting sick of /g/.  I've largely stopped browsing many threads here asides from this one.  I'm glad the general on Lainchan has started picking up some.Just look at the catalog here.  It's saddening for anyone actually interested in technology to see good threads with so little replies, yet see that bait, consumerism, opinion-listing, and shitposting threads are usually successful and hit the bump limit.
It's not just that, I don't like that they force you to use classes to use a lot of their modules
Yeah I've been browsing lainchan a lot more lately as well. I wish they had a bit more traffic overall but then again it is a good way of keeping out the "muh gpu" morons. Thanks for keeping up the generals here : Your work is duly appreciated.
yeah thanks for making these threads, I've been posting on the lainchan thread too.It's been a few months since I last posted here, but I remember back then the lisp threads used to have a lot more people.I don't know if those people have gone away, the fact that may is a horrible month because a lot of students have finals me included or both.
As I said one or two threads before, we should casually mention the lainchan thread here and there or even in the pastebin so people can gradually move towards that.
incf this
There should be better ways out there to help the Lisp community. Maybe 4chan is just not the place to do this.There should be a good balance between a well-sized group and still be underdogs, because everything that grows enough tends to get bastardized.
the main problem with the /g/ lisp threads is they keep dropping off the board after about 10 or 15 posts so there is no way to carry on serious discussians. I am going to start spending more time on the lainchan lisp threadIm not sure if you are aware, but this clojurians thing is a private live chat for clojure
the main problem with the /g/ lisp threads is they keep dropping off the board after about 10 or 15 posts so there is no way to carry on serious discussians. I am going to start spending more time on the lainchan lisp threadPrecisely. I'm going to migrate gradually as well.Im not sure if you are aware, but this  clojurians thing is a private live chat for clojureI am aware, but it would be nice to have a place that acts as a big bowl of water where Lisp entrepreneurs fall and then cascade to the dialect that interest them the most, kinda like a two-story fountain with a big bowl on the centre and small ones around it.
Forgot the quote.
Is Racket GUI Documentation gtk, qt4 or independent?
Best scheme/lisp to use?Looking for something with lots of batteries that respects my freedoms.
that respects my freedoms.by your freedoms you are of course referring to the the freedom that Richard Stallman gives you. I think we should be clear, there are many kinds of freedoms, but the freedom you enjoy is that of Richard Stallman
The API they provide is platform independent. The implementations try to use native widgets. On *nix, I think they're using GTK.
Racket sounds like it fits the bill.
 lots of batteriesRacket.
The only time I've had to use classes in Racket was when I had to do GUI programming. I'm not even sure what a class-free GUI lib would look like.
Be extremely careful when Jews try to define your morals. They've done so much damage to humanity this way. They take your natural desire to do right and twist it.
Although GTK is implemented in C, it has an object system. https://developer.gnome.org/gtk3/stable/ch02.html
 go to lainchan no nsfw boards drugs boardI simply can't take that site seriously.
And you can take 4chan seriously? Any other *chan is better.
4chan did something right. This is one of the few places on the Internet where jews and their lies get btfo frequently and repeatedly every single day.
https://nvbn.github.io/2015/05/28/svg-animation/
where jews and their lies get btfojewsbtfoOh look, an actual child.
I hate jews as much as the next person, but you really do sound like a child.This entire site is shit and it feels like it's moving towards its last leg.
that's cool, Clojurescript and Om are pretty nice.Here's a pixel editor with full redo also written in Clojurescript + Omhttps://github.com/jackschaedler/goya
/l/ and /cl/ are both super secret boards.
I thought /cl/ meant common-lisp, I was pleasantly surprised
Why don't you leave?
This isn't the place for that.  I know.  I shouldn't have said anything.
M-x bump
how childish not to respect the freedoms given to you by the jew Richard Stallman. thank god we have a sticky on /g/ of rms as jesus christ, Im so glad that the majority of /g/ protects the freedom giving jew Richard Stallman
John McCarthy was also jewish.I'm  and meant religious jews.I shouldn't have said anything.  I'm sorry.  Let's just stop talking about this.
bump
what editor are you guys using?I'm currently using sublime + sublimeREPL but I feel that I'm not using lisp to it's fullest potential - mainly I have a lot of functions that I can't evaluate on the repl because they depend on external libraries this is clojure btw.I tried LightTable and the Cursive plugin for Intellij but found them a bit clunkyI know that Emacs is certainly the way to go, but I haven't used it before so it's a bit intimidating to learn
I know that Emacs is certainly the way to go, but I haven't used it before so it's a bit intimidating to learnWell, the thing about Emacs is that it has a different paradigm from most editors... But it actually teaches you how to use it if you ask it.It has a built-in tutorial to get started, and after going through that, "C-h ?" [Control] + [H], [?] gives you a list of all of this things you can get help about.For example, at any point you can type "C-h m" to get a description of all of the modes enabled, including the keybindings to use the functionality."C-h k" followed by any key sequence will show the documentation for any key combo that does something.Another fun one is "C-h i", which pulls up the Info pages for your system... In there, there are entire books about how to use Emacs, all nicely organized if you want to learn about Emacs and ELISP. There are the "Emacs Manual", "Emacs FAQ", "ELISP" reference, and "ELIPS Intro".If you aren't sure what you are looking for, you can type "C-h a" and search the documentation for something in specific.If you want to search the manuals, "M-x info-apropos" [Alt] + [X], "info-apropos" allows you to do that.On top of that, pretty much everything has tab completion.
I'm using Emacs with SLIME for CL. I've been using it for around a year now, but I've not really read many tutorials and my .emacs is mostly a mashing-together of various things from the wiki. install emacs; spend a week dicking around with your setup; then enjoy the productivity increases. It's also a lot of fun. I've heard Clojure support is pretty dank/10.
I know that Emacs is certainly the way to go, but I haven't used it before so it's a bit intimidating to learnthe rule of thumb in programming is never memorize anything, just start using emacs like a regular editor with the toolbar and menubar. Trying to use cursor movement shortcuts will actually slow you down as a beginner as they dont have a speed increasing effect until you are moving through very large projectsthis is a really good emacs preset for clojurehttps://github.com/flyingmachine/emacs-for-clojurethe instructions for installing it are part of a free online book on clojure programminghttp://www.braveclojure.com/basic-emacs/
Hey /lisp/anonsI wrote a little bot using Chirp that tweets 420 in bases 2-36 every day at 4:20: ql:quickload :chirpdefparameter chirp-extra:*oauth-api-key* "yours here"defparameter chirp-extra:*oauth-api-secret* "yours here"defparameter chirp-extra:*oauth-access-token* "yours here"defparameter chirp-extra:*oauth-access-secret* "yours here"defun main   loop do       multiple-value-bind         second minute hour date month year day-of-week dst-p tz       get-decoded-time     if and eq second 0 and eq hour 16 eq minute 20         let base + 2 random 35           chirp:statuses/update format nil "~d: ~vr" base base 420         print "Not 420 yet"Let me know what you think/what I can improve on I'm a beginner so be gentle.
I just saw that post.That is pretty cute.
What post?
Wouldn't it repeatedly print "Not 420 yet" at the terminal? That seems kind of annoying.
Yeah it was mostly for diagnostics when writing it, you can just rip out that entire  print "Not 420 yet". sexp
http://www.reddit.com/r/lisp/comments/37r9ag/found_a_really_nice_cl_twitter_library_on_lisp/
my fedora has been exposed
Sounds good, thanks for sharing. I didn't know about chirp either.
that tweets 420 in bases 2-36 every day at 4:20It was exposed all along.
Yeah, it's surprisingly well designed. Most of the libraries I found at first were poorly documented if at all and really dated in their API support.
*cough*http://www.reddit.com/r/Common_Lisp/comments/35i4ng/why_is_it_that_lispers_including_myself_think/I feel your pain.
Cool.  Are you the guy I helped in the Lainchan thread?
Yeah. Thank you again. Oddly enough this wasn't my intended application when I asked that.
You're welcome.  I'm glad to see you doing something interesting so early.Here's a better format form that you can use:format nil "~d: ~:*~vr" base 420* lets you skip or return to previous Format arguments or even go to absolute arguments from the first.I should really start working on some things I have planned.  There are a few website APIs that I want to make accessible from Common Lisp.As it stands, most Common Lisp I work with is helping people in these threads when they have questions.
Crazy. How long have you been writing Lisp?
I've only been writing Lisp for a few years.I don't have too much to show for it.  I usually just read about Lisp and help people here or participate in the little challenges thrown around in various threads.
I'm not even sure what a class-free GUI lib would look like.Any C GUI library
I've heard Clojure support is pretty dank/10Yeah, I've been reading pretty cool things, that's why I was looking into itThanks for the links! - and yeah agree on the not memorizing anything - that's how I got started with vim, just start to use it and learn new things out of necessity.I've saved that tutorial and will read it as soon as I have some free time - btw anyone have any experience with spacemacs?

What kind of environment do you use in your computers?
I use GNU Emacs with Slime.  StumpWM is my window manager.  I'm going to read the GNU GSD handbook and switch all of my systems over to that soon.I've been curious about Climacs, but I haven't gotten around to checking it out yet. Emacs Lisp doesn't compare to Common Lisp and reimplementing things like EMMS would give me something to do.
for those of you with Lisp Machine's keyboard fetish http://xahlee.info/kbd/lisp_keyboards.html
Where can I get my hands on one of these
when you install climacs with quicklisp, is it possible to startup climacs on its own without going using a lisp repl? where would the climacs executable be located?
Nice. We have similar environments.
Why is it that when I reach with the cursor any of the edges it show that ugly X that indicates there's no window there? How could I fix it?
I guess that is neat.Elaborate please.
I always work fullscreen and without a mode-line, whenever I go to the edges it turns the cursor into a big X that shows there's no Xorg elements there. Also, whenever I show the window info, it always shows a size of 1022x598 on a 1024x600 screen. I don't know if both issues are related.
I usually use fullscreen and I haven't added a modeline yet either.I'm not seeing this X, but I think I remember it.Also, whenever I show the window info, it always shows a size of 1022x598 on a 1024x600 screen. I don't know if both issues are related.I don't think I've ever had this happen.Try reading the manual if you haven't already.  I've been meaning to do that and dig through the source, but I haven't started yet.
Try reading the manual if you haven't already. I've been meaning to do that and dig through the source, but I haven't started yet.I'll check on that, thanks. Running fullscreen does eliminate the problem.Is there a way to make everything start automatically on fullscreen?
so I'm trying to go through realm of racket and I can't compile the first game. help
Is there a way to make everything start automatically on fullscreen?A window always takes up the entire space in a new group.
Yes, but that's when the 1022x598 problem comes up.
When you say the window info comes up at that resolution, which command are you running?  Which keypresses?
prefix + i
Huh.  Here's how it comes up for me.How did you install your StumpWM?  I compiled mine myself with SBCL.You're saying that window takes up the entire screen?
Yup, they take the whole screen but they leave a one pixel of separation. That's why it's always the resolution minus 2, emacs shows to be even smaller at 1017x594. Xfce terminal shows 1018x594. It's different each application. That's not much of a problem but I don't get why the X.
That's weird.  I can't really help you out here.  I think there may be a StumpWM IRC.  You may want to check there.
That place is lonelier than this thread, I already tried that before. I'll keep insisting though, maybe I'll get  lucky.
Why is Lisp considered the go-to language for AI? Can you forsee a reason to replace it with something else in the future?I know nothing about lisp but plan to learn some dialect in the future
That place is lonelier than this thread, I already tried that before.I don't think it's all that lonely.  I am the OP though, so I'm biased.I'll keep insisting though, maybe I'll get  lucky.If you find out how to solve your problem, please report back with the solution.  I'm going to go through all of the threads and compile a guide from it at some point.Why is Lisp considered the go-to language for AI?It's high-level, more abstract and general than other languages of the time, and had a lot of other development and research going into it.Can you forsee a reason to replace it with something else in the future?Not right now, but I can't tell the future, unfortunately.I know nothing about lisp but plan to learn some dialect in the futureI recommend you read our FAQ.  It goes into greater detail on this and other questions you may have.
I don't think it's all that lonely. I am the OP though, so I'm biased.While I was posting I thought maybe it's just the hours that I usually go into IRC don't match the hours of activity in the community.
Do you use Emacs or a different lisp-based editor?THERE ARE DIFFERENT LISP-BASED EDITORS?If yes I need to know!
There's Guilemacs and Climacs, to name two.http://www.emacswiki.org/emacs/GuileEmacshttps://common-lisp.net/project/climacs/
Don't compile it, just interpret it. $ racket guess.rkt
i wonder does GuileEmacs removes all the C code from emacs?
I don'd know Racket, but in Clojure you have to define a function before using it - you are calling guess on start before you define it - try putting it on top of start
I wouldn't think there's much C, if any, in Guilemacs that isn't just a part of Guile itself.
In Racket you can something function that's defined later in the file so long as it isn't called in the code before it's actually been defined.
there are a bajillion emacs-like editors out there
To expand on what  said in case anyone is curious:In Racket, all top-level names are in scope at any point in the file. Since function bodies aren't evaluated until they are called e.g. You can test for exceptions by giving Rackunit a no-argument thunk function which does something which throws one, one can reference a function anywhere in the file, defined before or after the current function. When one evaluates a function, however, each non-local binding in the function body must reference a function definition which has been evaluated i.e. The name is bound to either a function or a top-level variable. This distinction may seem confusing in terms of function definitions, but it makes much more sense if one also considers a sequence such as ;; Purposely choosing an identifier from racket/basedefine - 2define foo + - bdefine b + - 1Now, when foo is defined, it is given bindings to the top-level - and b, but b has yet to be defined. If, conversely, all top-level bindings were done in parallel, then we would have a shaky logic: should b's - binding reference the default value or its shadowed one? There's argument for or against it. By making the definition forms sequentially evaluated, though, it leads to a much more reasonable program. In case anyone was wondering.
If you find out how to solve your problem, please report back with the solution. I'm going to go through all of the threads and compile a guide from it at some point.I think it has yo do with the application rendering but I think I'll dig deeper.
How do you define mutually recursive functions then? This sounds like a pain in general.
Which dialect do you prefer?common lisp is what I'm using Do you use Emacs or a different lisp-based editor?no What was your first experience with lisp?College What have you made in lisp?three programs for college What is your favorite Lisp program?What do you like about Lisp?nothing How do you think Lisp is one of the superior programming languages?I don't How long have you been programming in Lisp?literally since yesterday What are your favorite Lisp resources? Please share, preferably links!college material, Google, stack overflow, lel Is Lisp your main programming language or not? Regardless, what do you primarily use it for?no What would you like to see in the Lisp general?What was your favorite aspect of the Lisp machines?Do you think we'll ever get something similar to the LispMs again?What is your preferred method of documenting your code?I don't even know how to do this yet. Just write a string below the function name?In the dialects that allow it, do you make many reader macros or not?Do you use more than one dialect? What are they and which do you prefer?What do you consider the criteria for what constitutes a Lisp to be?What is your favorite function in your chosen dialects?favorite function
Nice
/b/
The difference is that Racket isn't a pile of shit.
Some applications only resize in steps of the width of a character column e.g. terminals, EmacsIf the application can't totally fill the width of your screen minus two pixels, it'll fill as many as it can, then fill in the surrounding region with the border.
VimSeparate terminal window for manual evaluationThis is suffering.
incf this
Wouldn't this form make more sense:incf 
T
It replaces the previous Elisp compiler/interpreter written in C with a front end to Guile's compiler/VM, which is written in C.
Stop these inane comments.
SBCL 1.2.12 released: http://www.sbcl.org/news.html#1.2.12
if you really need to, you can [code declare foo [/code]
Hello /lisp/The metasploit framework has a little tool called pattern_create.rb that generates a string of a specified number of bytes out of upper-case, lower-case, and numeral characters that can help you pinpoint the exact offset for overwriting the EIP or really any register in a buffer overflow exploit. How would you implement this in Lisp?
How would you implement this in Lisp?Are you asking how you would implement a buffer overflow attack in Lisp?You would have to find a flaw in the implementation you're targeting.  Common Lisp programs check buffer boundaries, unlike C, so this may be practically impossible, unless you optimize safety checks out with an implementation that will let you.One of the best ways to eliminate vulnerabilities is to make them impossible.  The only reason C is plagued by these problems is because of how little the standard actually specifies, making it ridiculously easy to invoke undefined behavior.
No. I was wondering how you'd recreate this little tool. Where pattern_create.rb 100 would return: "Aa0AAa1Aa2A" and so on couldn't paste it here; 4chan thought it was spam
does using emacs change anything?
Oh okay.In that case, I don't know enough to help you.  Sorry about that.
No problem :
Yes. Use Geiser. http://docs.racket-lang.org/guide/Emacs.html
do people use emacs outside the terminal?
I use GUI emacs but I'm on OS X so it makes a bit more sense.
The gui is a bit more useful, but you don't have to.
I use Emacs with X because it's much more useful and featureful.  I can display images and pdfs, resize text, the border in the margins is much nicer to look at, among other things.I also don't feel like configuring st to work correctly with backspace right now.  It always registers as C-h in some programs, like Emacs and ed, but GNU Readline handles it correctly.
w8 you actually use st?why?
I do, because I'm always reading a PDF of some sort along Emacs.
I found it while looking through cliki.I've tried terminator, urxvt, xterm, and some others.  They're not at all pleasant to use.  My terminal emulator doesn't need a scrollbar, complex dropdown configuration menus, or any of that crap.Surprisingly, st is nice to use, asides from the backspace issue, which doesn't affect me all that much.  It's not at all complicated and the source is also pleasant to read.  I usually don't use Suckless software, but st is the best terminal emulator I've found.  I don't really need to do too much with a terminal nowadays though.The only other terminals I use are eshell and StumpWM's exec.What's your experience with that?  It's always usually too slow for me.  A majority of pdfs I read are hundreds of pages and I haven't found a way to get it usable yet.
I'm reading Land of Lisp in Emacs right now with doc-view-mode just discovered through this thread I can do that and the speed is no problem. The PDF is ~500 pages long.
What's your experience with that? It's always usually too slow for me. A majority of pdfs I read are hundreds of pages and I haven't found a way to get it usable yet.No problems just yet, I'm using an Atom and 2GB of RAM so, that says something.
I just opened a ~300 page pdf and it's frozen my Emacs right now.I don't know what I'm doing wrong.
i just looked at the atom github. it's written in coffee? and commit messages contain emoji's?I'm skeptical
he's talking about the atom cpu
oI use mupdf btw. I don't know anything about emacs though
While we're on it though, you're right to be skeptical. It's easily one of the worst editors I've ever used. I had a really big disassembly file that it just straight up refused to open because the file size was "over the limit." Hipster garbage goes into the trash where it belongs.
I left to go do something and it was still frozen when I came back.  Eventually it unfroze and worked fine.  I think I'll just look into some different pdf readers and avoid using Emacs for this right now.
So if I want to start using emacs without my vim handicap should i use spacemacs or evil?
Definitely evil.
ok thanks
Spacemacs is actually pretty incredible. I just installed it. Though it may be a bit overwhelming at first if you're new to emacs. Just go with Evil for now.
Speaking of ide's, can I just use eclipse+dandelion so I don't have to fuck around with emacs? Tried setting up emacs today, seems like a pain in the dick to install and more-so to use.
not wanting to fuck around with emacswanting to fuck around with eclipseIf you really want an IDE use something designed for it like LispWorks, etc.
Would I just be better off writing lisp files in notepad++? I ain't so smart and getting slime working with emacs hasn't been working.
Why does Lisp have its own general?
If you're having trouble, use this: http://www.lispworks.com/downloads/index.html Download the personal edition. There's a time/stack size limit but I doubt you'll be lisping 5 hours straight or doing anything too intricate.
Initialization files are not loaded.I-I'll just get slime working
Good luck!
I'm sorry.  I forgot about this.  What exactly do you want to do?Would you like to see my slime setup from my .emacs?
Sure. I'm using quicklisp, got slime through it, pasted the code it spits out into an emacs file, but then emacs bitches about not being able to find the file, which it's apparently looking in roaming? Not sure why. I might just follow a tutorial to the letter instead of trying to set it up how I'd like it.
Reverse a string recursively. I worked on it a bit, but the method I tried blows the stack:labels f str     coerce cons f coerce cdr coerce str 'list 'string car coerce str 'list 'stringf "whatever"I'm not sure if this is exactly what I did but it's closeâ€”I no longer have my original code
Add this to your .emacs:;; Enable MELPArequire 'packageadd-to-list 'load-path "~/.emacs.d/elpa"setq package-archives '"gnu". "http://elpa.gnu.org/packages/"                         "melpa" . "http://melpa.milkbox.net/packages/"package-initializeuse M-x install-package and install SLIME that way.Finally add this to your .emacs don't forget to change the path:;; SLIMErequire 'slimesetq slime-contribs 'slime-fancysetq inferior-lisp-program "path-to-your-sbcl"slime-setup 'slime-fancythen do M-x slime and you'll have a fancy repl at your disposal. Happy lisping!
Would you like help?
Absolutely.
I have this currently in my emacs, why doesn't it work this way?load expand-file-name "~/quicklisp/slime-helper.el";; Replace "sbcl" with the path to your implementationsetq inferior-lisp-program "sbcl"
I was going to give you mine, before  posted.That's exactly what I have in mine, except I have the actual path to the sbcl binary as the inferior-lisp-program.
are you on windows? You just need to swap out sbcl with the path to your sbcl executable as the comment says. But in all honesty I've never known anyone who uses slime through quicklisp like that.
Well I changed the pathname, but this error still remains File error: Cannot open load file, no such file or directory, c:/Users/Default/AppData/Roaming/quicklisp/slime-helper.el
Oh. You may need to change the ~/quicklisp/slime-helper.el to whatever the actual path is. Did you just copy and paste this config because I think it may differ for Windows but I have very little knowledge of Windows at all
I don't even know where/what slime-helper.el is or why it's a problem. I'm not sure why it's looking in roaming and not where quicklisp is actually installed. It doesn't help I'm sick and can't remember half the things I've done today.
Wipe your .emacs clean and just use what I told you in It's a lot simpler than what you're trying to do.
How do I even do the m-x install package? I hit esc, hit x, then what? type in install-package slime?
type install-package, hit enter, type slime, hit enter.
when I type install-package and enter, it says "no match"
Did you put the first code block into your .emacs? Close emacs, reopen and then do the package install
Here's an easy to understand version:defun reversotron string  labels helper string index reversed-string             cond  index length string                    setf char reversed-string index char string - length string index 1                    helper string 1+ index reversed-string                   t return-from reversotron reversed-string    helper string 0 make-string length string
Yeah I did, are you sure it's not a linux only function?
Certain.
Actually, this one is better:defun reversotron string  labels helper string index reversed-string             if = index length string                 return-from reversotron reversed-string             setf char reversed-string index char string - length string index 1             helper string 1+ index reversed-string    helper string 0 make-string length string
Ooh. Thank you! I think I got hung up on dealing with the problem with lists.
You're very welcome.  It would be rude to not help people in my own thread.I think I got hung up on dealing with the problem with lists.That's understandable.  If you plan on continuing with Common Lisp, which I would recommend, I suggest you remember that.One tip that you may find useful if you love format as much as me: It's easier to deal with sequences in format if you coerce them to a list first.That's just something to keep in mind.
M-x package-install
I certainly plan to. Now one quick question: is char better for strings than aref, or is it just a clarity thing?
Alright, thats working
My experience with Emacs on Windows is that I could never get it to work properly without setting a HOME environment variable. Based on the output you're getting, I think you should try doing so. You'll need to move your .emacs, or make a fresh one in your home directory afterwards. You can check if it's been set properly from Emacs with getenv "HOME"
So I was playing with format and made something horrendous:format t "~~~{~a~~~}" coerce "dankmemes" 'list
Well now when I append ;; SLIMErequire 'slimesetq slime-contribs 'slime-fancysetq inferior-lisp-program "C:\Program Files x86\Steel Bank Common Lisp\1.2.12\sbcl.exe"slime-setup 'slime-fancy to the .emacs file it gets another error doing with roaming and what not. Do I need to get rid of the;; Enable MELPArequire 'packageadd-to-list 'load-path "~/.emacs.d/elpa"setq package-archives '"gnu". "http://elpa.gnu.org/packages/"                         "melpa" . "http://melpa.milkbox.net/packages/"package-initializepart or leave it?
is char better for strings than aref, or is it just a clarity thing?The hyperspec gives us this:char s j ==  aref the string s jChar is more efficient.  In every case I can currently think of, a more specific function will be optimized.  It's like the difference between = and equal.Always choose the more specific function if you know you will only be dealing with the type of arguments it accepts.
all the slime code you added is redundant to doing a M-x package-install. You might want to check if slime-fancy can be installed with package-install alsothe only part you might want to keep is where you set your inferior-lisp-program
You might want to check if slime-fancy can be installed with package-install alsoto answer my own question, slime-fancy does not get installed on its own, it is part of slime and so to get it to work the following is what your code should look like:setq inferior-lisp-program "sbcl"require 'slime-autoloadsslime-setup 'slime-fancy
But wouldn't it be slower in that case due to the extra computation needed by running the string through the "the" special form first? Not sure if I have the right idea here.
All the does is guarantee that a form will return a number of values of the specified types, lest undefined behavior is invoked.It is usually used for optimizations, but an implementation is not required to optimize anything.http://clhs.lisp.se/Body/s_the.htm
format t "~a~%~{~a~%~}" "DANKMEMES" cdr coerce "DANKMEMES" 'listI need to put DANKMEMES there twice. Anyone know a way on how to put it there only once?
The reason I do not use Lisp is because I cannot decide between CL, Scheme and Clojure and if I pick Scheme I cannot pick an implementation. Other than that, I really fancy it.
Just go ahead and pick one - the Racket docs are excellent
0 - clojure1 - scheme2 - common lispnow just do my post number modulus 3 and go with that one
Well I finally got it, followed what the guy did in this videohttps://youtu.be/VnWVu8VVDbIAnd it works finally. Had some problems that were caused by not having sbcl/emacs running as admin but I finally got that down pat.
Has anyone tried https://github.com/capitaomorte/sly as a replacement for slime?
I'm years late to the party, but today I discovered that MIT Scheme has 64-bit packages now, including in Debian Jessie.Just for all you SICPers out there looking for a good REPL.
Except that the ride never endsWhen I try to do "ctrl+c-c" to compile my little function here it gives me this error.. why is this?
forgot image
Pretty sure that even if you have a fancy format directive that made this easier you'd still have to type it twice as a parameter. Probably best to just use let to assign your string to a variable and evaluate your format form in the body. Btw, I like this anon, nice.
You're trying to use GNU Emacs on Windows.  Spin up a small Debian VM and use that instead.
Which book should I read if my mind's too stupid to get the functional way?
welcome to emacs
What are you having trouble wrapping your head around?
The general idea of a program, I can only see the final result, I don't see how lisp would ever be interactive
That's not really a functional thing at all IMO. Load up a REPL and try it out. It's hard to explain interactivity; you just have to see it.People rarely compile i.e. to a binary file their Lisp programs for this reason.
Well that's what I mean, you write code, give it data to process and it gives a result and that's it.It's impossible to create any form of daemon with that, I think.
It's impossible to create any form of daemon with that, I think.u wat?
Lisp still has loops. Really powerful ones at that.
Well, can you point me to a program that is able to do so?
http://wandrian.net/2012-02-20-1958-lisp-daemons-with-sbcl.htmlThis is just one example I found.
but why
I have no idea, I had the same problems you do to configure plugins when I gave emacs a try.That's why I stay with vim. I know slime is better but if I can't get it to work then it's useless to me
http://download.virtualbox.org/virtualbox/4.3.28/VirtualBox-4.3.28-100309-Win.exehttp://cdimage.debian.org/debian-cd/8.0.0/amd64/iso-cd/debian-8.0.0-amd64-xfce-CD-1.iso
What plugin do you use, because I don't like emacs in the first place.
I use jpalardy/vim-slime to send the pieces of code to a repl running on tmux. And it's just that, it doesn't offer anything lisp related like a debugger or something similar.https://github.com/benmills/vimux is also interesting if you want to achieve the same.if you really want something like slime try https://github.com/kovisoft/slimv
format t "~{~a~}~%~:*~{~a~%~}" coerce "DANKMEMES" 'list
princ you are truly a wizard. How long have you been Lisping if you don't mind my asking? Also, how did you learn?
Just trying to install Guile. Terrible, terrible experience. Installed all the dependencies, but now I'm getting 'ice-9' errors with no information to rectify them.
is there anything like cl-async for scheme?
Don't call me a wizard just yet.  I've realized an error with this.  I'm not going to stop until I solve this though. I still have many more angles to come at this problem.How long have you been Lisping if you don't mind my asking?I'd like to keep that a secret.Also, how did you learn?I read books about it.  I don't do much in my free time asides from reading books.
Plot twist: you're actually McCarthy's ghost.
That's a plot twist.
I'm actually Erik Naggum's ghost.It feels like this format form would be placed in a function definition.  Do you consider this an acceptable answer?eval `format t "~@{~a~}~%~1@*~@{~a~%~}" ,.coerce "DANKMEMES" 'listHere's what I imagined the function that uses this would look like:defun dank string eval `format t "~@{~a~}~%~1@*~@{~a~%~}" ,.coerce string 'listFormat is probably one of my favorite parts of Common Lisp.
WORKS BUT HOWORKSBUTHOW
This:`format t "~@{~a~}~%~1@*~@{~a~%~}" ,.coerce "DANKMEMES" 'listrenders this:FORMAT T "~@{~a~}~%~1@*~@{~a~%~}" #\D #\A #\N #\K #\M #\E #\M #\E #\SI couldn't just use the list as is, because I needed to skip the first character in the string on the second iteration.
maybe it doesn't have all the futures but checkhttp://wiki.call-cc.org/chicken-projects/egg-index-4.html#hellhttp://docs.racket-lang.org/reference/concurrency.htmlor just google "your scheme implementation your desired feature" and you might find it, cl-async has lots of features that might be separatted in different libraries for schemes
you should avoid eval.apply formatter "~@{~a~}~%~1@*~@{~a~%~}" cons t coerce "DANKMEMES" 'list
clojure is shitit combines the functionality/practicality of scheme with the purity of common lisp
Common LispPureSchemePracticalI think you mixed these up here.
I don't have the le fahnny point over head picture, so ill just say that you entirely missed the point
Sorry I'm not perfectly attuned to the subtleties of your autism.
clojure is shitexplain how it has the worst qualities of each languageautismgo back to /r9k/ and fuck yourself in the ass with tendies
Which version of SBCL are you using? 1.2.12 changed the specification of sb-c:policy
I'm running 1.2.12If something changed is the case, what should I do to solve the problem? Use an older sbcl?
Why isn't null called nullp, eq called eqp, etc?
So I managed to get the REPL to work on vim, but mit-scheme seems to go nuts about a variable not being "unbound" when I'm trying to 'define' it. What did I do wrong?define a * 5 5
Is this the only thing you entered? The same definition works on my mit-scheme.
on the cli trough my terminal it works, but it doesn't work on my slimv it seems....
my mistake, the swank interpretter was stuck on sbcl
thinking about sbcl being the problem gives me an ideaswitch sbcl to clispworks just fineGuess I'll just be using clisp now
I've thought about it and I don't see the particular danger in using it how I did.The only thing my function doesn't do is check its argument's type before using it, because I didn't add that.
Can I make mit-scheme print out a sort of stack trace like lisp can?
Someone could pass a dangerous command to the function that deletes the user's home directory. Which would then be evaluated without any questions asked.For showing off eval is perfectly fine, for production code one should avoid it if at all possible. If not possible or if the workaround is too much work then the stuffed passed to it should at least be checked.But yes, for a post on /g/ eval is fine.
For showing off eval is perfectly fine, for production code one should avoid it if at all possible. If not possible or if the workaround is too much work then the stuffed passed to it should at least be checked.I agree.  If I had put a type check in my function, I don't currently see anything that could go wrong that couldn't already occur.Anyways, I rarely get to use this feature of format, so I went ahead and wrote a version that doesn't require coercing the string:defun dank stream string colon at  declare ignore colon at  loop with first = t        for char across string        if first          do setq first nil        else          do princ char stream             terpri streamformat t "~a~%~:*~/dank/" "DANKMEME"Make sure this is evaluated in the cl-user package, unless you want to add a package prefix to the dank call in format.
Doesn't work at all with org-babel.
Grabing an older version 1.2.11 should fix itJust wait for SLIME to catch up before uprgading.
Lisper looking into Elixir for fun. Anyone have any experience with it and want to share?
Anybody has experience with mcclim?I have window that has one pane that inherits application-pane but I create it with default-initargs :scroll-bars nilWhy does it still displays the scroll-bars?
Guile is generally installed by default in Loonixes, so I've never had to do it manually.
At what point does a "trivial" program become "non-trivial"? Is it the program's usefulness? Is it how complicated or long it is?
Generally it's more about how complicated it is in a particular language. However it's a flexible definition. The word "trivial" also describes basic, uninteresting cases in an algorithm e.g. sorting a list with length = 1.
Guile has a straightforward installation process.  ./configure && make && make install.  What command are you trying to run and what is its backtrace?  Have you considered asking about the error in #guile on freenode or writing to guile-user@gnu.org about it?
http://www.reddit.com/r/lisp/comments/37v6te/sbcl_1212_released/crq6rc9
what's the best way to learn lisp?I've been going through realm of racket and I'm unsure about it
I honestly think one of the best paths is the one I took: The Little Schemer to the Scheme Programming Language, in the meantime developing useful programs for myself with the aid of official documentation via Racket's guide and docs in my and apparently your case. The Little Schemer teaches very little practical things but gets to the heart of Lisp philosophy faster and more accessibly than many books. It's also the most fun book on programming in my opinion. The Scheme Programming Language will teach you Scheme completely. The Scheme programming language and the guide/docs are free, and though the Little Schemer isn't free legally it can be found easily enough.Perhaps most important: don't rely on any one book or resource.
cool i have a bundle of books downloading really slowly and the little schemer is one.I would like to find something kind of like a workbook
It depends on what you are looking for. Gentle Introduction to Symbolic Computation gives you a good foundation for Lisp if you already know about other common languages. It doesn't really matter with which Lisp you start, the important thing is you learn the syntax.
I have a pretty good understanding of C and I did really well my last 2 java classes. I kind of want something thatll show me programs and not show me a bunch of snippets in the interactive prompt
If your only background is Java and C you might as well start from scratch honestly.
what's the best way to learn lisp?By practicing it!
This â†’ Still, with that background you can at least grasp some context and vocabulary. But it's true, Lisp is a whole different thing.
of like a workbookSICP and HtDP have a lot of exercises in it.
htdp
This thread is dieing dying? but there is no color involved.Why is this thread dieing/dying?Why is moot so shit. Oh wait, moot is gone. Why is the current administration so shit?Where is /gg/?
Ran into some money and bought a 4k TV from Samsung coming soon.Did I make an good investment for the future or did I fuck up? Is there a lot of content out right now?
Luxury productgood investment for the futureYou should have saved it.
There's zero 4K content right now.You'll be waiting many years before everything is streamed, broadcast and released in 4K as a matter of standard.By then, you'll be able to buy a much better 4K TV for a fraction of what you currently paid for yours, and it will have much better color processing than your current TV.
You surely fucked up.There's content for fullHD, not so much in the qHD compartment and you will wait long time till you see 4K content available for cheap. Before that happens technology will improve and your TV will be quite shite, especially for the money.Never buy novelty tech.
How could I get a better tv in the future? If it's 4k today won't it still be 4k in a few years? What makes it better?Forgot to mention I upgraded from 720p.
You can buy a 1080p TV right now that comes with a really good panel, faithful color reproduction, and refresh rates that tread into placebo territory.They're also razor thin if you care enough.A 4K tv is much more expensive, sacrifices a lot of those features for the 4K display, wastes more power, and you'll be stuck looking at upscaled 1080p content for the forseeable future, because literally NOBODY is broadcasting 4K content.When 4K anime rips become standard, then you can buy a 4K tv, but until then, it's basically wasted money.
Current TV broadcasts are in 720p if you're lucky, otherwise 480-576p depending on what country you're in. I wonder how many years before we even get to 1080p broadcast TV, let alone 4k
Hey X I just bought Y. Was this a good idea/investment?Why?
4K anime ripspls noI don't want every episode to eat up 4GB.
you're typing on a luxury product you fucking faggot.
Goyimified consumerist retardation, that's why
I don't think a computer counts as a luxury device these days
Resolution isn't the only factor for picture quality you realize. I mean if you just wanted resolution why not buy one of those Seikis that are a fraction of the price of Samsungs?To answer your question the new 4k standards aren't completely finalized yet but one thing that's coming with it is Rec 2020 color and possibly HDR. TVs atm don't even come near it. They've only demo'd it at conventions so far and the results are stunning. I'd say HDR is probably a far bigger step up than 4k. Not planning on upgrading my Samsung Plasma until they do.
Anime from BDMVs are usually around 5-7GB per episode and fansubbers usually compress it to 1-2GB for 1080p. So it might be 4GB for 4K.But since Anime fansubbers are usually the first to try new video codecs no matter how buggy they are they would quickly release h265 encoded episodes at 1-2GB each.
Not if you live in bangladesh.
I don't want every episode to eat up 4GB.hating qualityMy GoT or BB weigh in at ~5-6GiB per Episode @ 1080p. Are your eyes bad or why don't you like high quality?AnimeAh, of course.
in bangladesh not being swarthy as fuck and having access to toilet paper is considered luxury, we're talking about first world.
But I don't live in Bangladesh. Why would you imply such a thing?
Are TVs still relevant?
Samsung 4k is shit. Their colours are oversaturated.
because you have a very west-centric view of the world.
Weeaboos are usually the ones pretty anal about quality. Thing is anime compresses easily so 6gb an episode is rare for them unless they add fake grain. I welcome it though. Hell I'd want even more bitrate. Those 25gb encodes of Mad Men for the last season were fucking amazing. Better than Blu-ray. Hell, way better than most compressed 4k shit you see too.
Right, we're on a western imageboard talking about western things.Why the fuck would I care about anyone else?
Were you triggered by his priviledge-centric view of the world?
It better be AMOLED.
For how long will they keep making up fancy names for different display resolutions.Can you even tell that much of a difference playing on a 27" inch display at 1080 or 4k from 1 meter away?1440 sounds like the sweet spot for standard size monitors 23~27".4k IPS sounds great on 32" or 42" especially for RTS once a single GPU releases that is powerful enough to play at 60fps.Maybe in 5 or so years it will become viable and the cost reduced to a reasonable point. 400~500 USD would be a great price point for a 32" 4k @ 60Hz refresh rate.
If you are using it as a TV by the time you get 4K content there would be better TVs for the same price.If you use it on your PC for gaming the response time might be too high. Might be useful for added real estate for productive work. Though 4k monitors would have been better suited for that task and cheaper with higher quality.As an investment for the future I'd say its stupid, but if you had too much money and don't care then fuck it.
, 
Ugh...
At least this time they're only going to stick the tip in instead of the whole thing, right?
So this is actually a good thing, which is weird considering that any act with "freedom" or "liberty" or something like that in the name is usually bad.
This is awful, it renews and reforms the patriot act section 215 instead of letting it expire at midnight like our freedom demands
No, this is terrible. It extends the provisions of the Patriot Act.
It's a bad thing, there's very little good that will come from this.
Can't stand these people.
What exactly does it do? Do you have a link where I can read up about it?
https://www.opencongress.org/bill/hr2048-114/text
I'm not reading all of that, I'm not a lawyer. I mean is there a link or several that summarize it?
The other "smarter" bush came out in support of the patriot act apparently as well.
fantasy
This guy goes through the text and points out some of the problems with it.https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/34gagc/house_committee_voted_to_replace_usa_patriot_act/
Fall in line, slaves. You wouldn't want us to find child porn on your computers, now would you?
They extended it.There's nothing to stop the endless and increasing flow of bad legislation which speeds our decent into some Orwellian nightmare. It will continue regardless of our effort.They can work around all the rules and are many times more educated than your average citizen, they seek only self interest and power.It's hopeless.
What is the Patriot Act and why is it bad/good?
which is weird considering that any act with "freedom" or "liberty" or something like that in the name is usually bad.This blatantly unconstitutional bill is no exception.
The freedom act is basically a privatized version of the patriot act. The bulk collection will continue like before the only difference is they wont bother with phones anymore. All the other data will be collected by private agencies and up for grabs as long as they have a nod and a wink from a secretive court no one oversees.
the patriot act allows the nsa to collect everything without a warrant and store itno part of it is good or helpful
Any society that would give up a little liberty to gain a little security will deserve neither and lose both.
http://www.c-span.org/video/?326227-2/us-senate-debate-nsa-surveillance&live&liveRand Paul currently speaking to block itas of 7:41pm eastern
is this one of those filibuster things?
I hope he takes a few copies of it, tears them to pieces and shoves the paper scraps down those authoritarians' throats.
Technically it DOESN'T allow that according to a federal circuit court. The NSA went beyond the intended scope of the bill because no one was paying attention to what they were doing. That goes to show you how well these secret courts work.
He is the hero America needs.
Reminder that /pol/ shitlords actually support conservative politicians like these. They're so butthurt about faggots and trannies having equal rights that they're willing to drag everybody's privacy through the mud just to be spiteful.
Fuck you, Mitt.
/pol/ is full of edgy teens.  I once went in there, just to see what the fuss is about, first thread was "times you went full /pol/ in public" AKA "those times you actually let slip you were a wannabe nazi"It was fairly pathetic, at least stand by your politics.
"Conservatards are the answer!"Sure, let's just shit all over other civil liberties in the process of trying to repeal the Patriot Act.
Better than the other option
Implying they didn't just give a gorillian dollars to Australia to spy on us and give them the info or they're going to blatantly do whatever the fuck they want anyways. This is theater and faggot posturing.
vote libertarian, shitheads
Wow, why is America such a shithole?
the other optiontheThis is exactly where your problem lies. Vote green, communist, Tea Party, anything other than your usual choices of right wing conservatives.
freedom of speech is objectively the most important human freedom that exists. If you have freedom of speech, you can campaign for more rights.fuggin consebatives, id much rather be able to freely gargle cocks than share free softwareYou're an idiot.
It is mostly a symbolic gesture but it does at least mean it's harder for them to make use of anything they find. It also means the NSA wouldn't have all the funding they've come to expect so it could possibly be harder for them to maintain their giant data center.
wrong, it's the right to bear arms
It would be better if we just voted hamburgers into office instead of eating them.
freedom of speech is objectively the most important human freedom that exists.You are literally using objectively wrong, and you're actually wrong yourself as well. Freedom of speech is not even in the top 3 most important freedoms.
Can someone explain what this is going to do/change? I've read some of the links posted and still don't get it.
PATRIOT ActUSA Freedom ActHopefully when an asteroid finally wipes out 90% of the life on this planet, it hits the United States first and is aptly called "1776 Liberation".
Enlighten me, what are the most important freedoms? Sure, the freedom to be alive is nice, but without speech you can't complain that maybe other liberties might be nice too.
funny thing is every other country does all this shit worse than murica doesat least we bitch about it
1. right to bear arms
This is actually wrong and a classic American propaganda talking point."Everyone else does it as well!" The thing is, no they don't you fucking retard. Some countries like the UK are doing it. Most of them in fact aren't.
1  All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights. They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood.2 Everyone has the right to life, liberty and security of person.3 No one shall be subjected to torture or to cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment.Now that I think of it, I don't think freedom of speech ranks even in the top 5.
Shit nigger, as opposed to figuratively using it wrong? "Objectively" is a common buzzword, and is used as hyperbole in that case.
You're listing the definition for the word freedom.
naw it's trueI'm not american.
Except that's not true, we're allowed to be very critical of our governments without fear of a gagging order.  The US is a farce, you have no press freedoms, it's the most agenda driven reporting in the first world.  Your police have killed 2 people every day for the last 5 months.  Religious idiots blame everything on homosexuals, which while being amusing in a "le ebin maymay" sense, it's factually incorrect.  The NRA is enabling idiots who can't pour themselves a drink without soiling themselves to own rifles, and you wonder why the rest of the world thinks the US is fucked?You yanks should be terrified, your government is out to get you.http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2015-05-31/five-reasons-why-america-done - READ THIS.
There is literally nothing wrong with both nationalism and socialism.  It's all in how you phrase it.
sure is nice living in glorious yuropian utopia where my government doesn't spy on me and i have more than two practically identical choices in each electionstay irrelevant murica
Patriot Act: Program Set to Expire at Midnight Despite Senate Voting to Advance Surveillance ProgramsThe Senate approved the legislation Sunday, but it will not reach President Obama's desk until after the midnight deadline, The Hill reports. Senate objections hindered the program's extension.
YuropCCTV on every street cornerMuslim immigrants out the assSharia zones
Nationalisation = NazisSocialism = CommiesSeriously, it only kinda works in moderation, but those ideologies attract idiots who cannot into moderation, thus, /pol/ is a shitpit of wannabe nazis who are terrified of the world, keyboard warriors in their own little fucked up version of tumblr style hugboxery.
So you're saying as long as they let you be alive and they don't torture you, you're free? Sounds like Brave New World to me, bud.
yurop equals UKamerican education
Sharia zonesWhere are these?  I know they've tried to set them up, but they're not recognized legally anywhere but their own sandy shitcunt countries.
That's not Yurop dumbfuck.
f-franklin?
Oh sorry forgot about swedensocial justice out the ass
your government lets you ramble about muh freedoms while you living in total shit as a wageslave for the global elitethis is the pinnacle of TRUE freedomYou're fucked in the head pal
UK and Germany are the only countries in Yurop that matter. Both of those countries are worse than the US. Hell, whatever shithole you're from  is as well, which is why you don't even want to reveal it.
Accepting bets on how long it takes for crypto researchers to start getting arrested/export restrictions on crypto to start being taken seriously/mandated backdoors in crypto schemes.I hate the fact that seriously considering the possibility of any of the above despite having happened in the past/have been pushed by a variety of officials makes you sound like a tinfoil to most people.
There is plenty wrong with both.Socialism is the amazing idea that the political elite know what you want and need better than you do.Nationalism is the act of worshiping and taking pride in something that does not exist. Nationalization is a core part of socialism.Yes, Franklin.
everyone else does it!Maybe if you keep repeating it enough it will come true = ^ 
France also has their own patriot act thing too now.http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/19/us-france-security-idUSKBN0MF1K020150319
mfw murrika is full of jewish ghettosmost cities also have a chinatown and a japantownvast swathes of cities are pretty much no go zones for white peoplecops more likely to shoot you than help youyeah, murrika is full of PROUD PATRIOTIC mexic... no, puerto ric... no, chines... no, ah fuck it, you're a mutt of a nation, and you call out other nations for immigration? Fuck you, fat yanky cunt.
just the tip
you're a mutt of a nationthat's the point
Atleast in Murrica I can shoot those faggots.
implying there wouldn't be a revolution at some pointPeople are retarded, but they're not that stupid. If you have free speech, you can organize, inspire, and overthrow corrupt governments. It just takes a scandal and a rallying cry.
disgustingthe difference between America and yogurt is that if you leave yogurt alone for 200 years it'll grow a culturewith America you get a freakshow of muh irish-scottish-fenno-swede-russian ancestry
But you don't have a freedom to organize
with America you get a freakshow of muh irish-scottish-fenno-swede-russian ancestrythat's literally how the country started
Corruption is a separate issue and socialism doesn't have a monopoly on that.I don't understand why people insist either nationalism or socialism or both is inherently authoritarian and unduly restricts freedom.Unduly being the operative word.  Government by its nature restricts freedom to some extent.
with America you get a freakshow of muh irish-scottish-fenno-swede-russian ancestryI don't see the problem with that, sounds pretty cool.
Without any context, it would almost seem as if this is a good thing, coming from the EFF
I once went in thereWow you are such a hero, dumb rebbitor.
So a tl;dr for a dirty foreign terrorist that wants to take your life and liberty. Is the mass collection shit death or not?
Well EFF likes it
I've been told by an american that St. Patricks Day, the day dedicated to the patron saint of Ireland, is an American thing.  Not Irish, it's American.  The level of stupidity, is outstanding.
That was probably intended.
Did you have a point to make?
Voting against these "anti-terror" bills is political suicide.  If you vote against them, you will get slaughtered on the next election cycle.  Your political opponents would make TV commercials like "Candidate X supports TERROR.  He voted AGAINST the anti-terror act of 2015.  He doesn't care about the safety and liberty of your CHILDREN."So you have career politicians, politicians who vote things in because of bribes, riders, etc.  Nobody could even begin to tackle how broken the system in because it's too far gone.  There's nothing any of us can do about it.
this is exactly the attitude that causes this shit to keep happening
Most places are gerrymandered so hard it really doesn't matter what these people vote for anymore. Look at Dianne Frankenstein she's extremely unpopular but she's been in congress consecutively for like 20 years or something.
Who said anything about corruption?Do you know what socialism is? You can't have socialism without authoritarianism as long as the state exists. The more socialism you implement, the more power and authority the state has. You can't nationalize something without giving more authority to the government. It's not a binary switch where you have either full blown authoritarian socialism like Nazi Germany or a complete anarchy. It's a spectrum. Every time you go toward socialism, you also go toward authoritarianism. The only way to have socialism without authoritarianism is to have socialism without the state. Eg communism or red anarchy.And stop using vague terms like unduly. What are you, some kind of a moral arbiter? Who the fuck defines what unduly is? You?
It has a provision called "sneak and peak" where cops can brake into your home, install listening devices, and never tell you. Indefinitely. They can do this if they get the permission from a secret court whose judges are not known and whose decisions are automatically classified. This court has only once said no to a warrant request.The NSA can collect any and all phone metadata or internet transmissions for any American "person" as long as they have "reasonable suspicion" that "person" is up to no good or may know someone who is up to no good. "Person" is in quotes because it actually means individual or corporation. They have already used this to name "Verizon" as a person and collect metadata and data for all of Verizon's customers not like it was just Verizon, the did this with all the other internet/phone providers too.Email communication is not defined as being protected by the 4th amendment and after 6 months the NSA has blanket permission to read the contents of any emails they collect.I wish I was making any of this up.This is what is going to be extended tonight.
Reminder that you don't know what you're talking about./pol/ is against the patriot and freedom act/pol/45908296/pol/45910142/pol/45910401
Nationalization is a core part of socialism.No it isn't.This is also untrue. You don't have to put the state in charge of the means of production AKA nationalization. A libertarian socialist state is perfectly possible.
And what does the new Act does?
Exact same thing. Now they store it at the telcos instead of their own servers
HOW MANY PEOPLE HAVE TO GET THEIR LEGS BLOWN OFF BEFORE YOU START TO BELIEVE THE SAND MONKEYS HATE US
It's not totally wrong.  It's not celebrated in Ireland the same way it's celebrated in the US.
where I live there are dozens of arabs that look like they were drugged and beat into accepting islam, who openly say shit like 'death to america' in front of their friends. the FBI really needs to investigate people like this
muh freedumbmuh siva liburteesI think /g/ really only cares because they're afraid their weirdo loli pictures will one day count as illegal porn. Honestly, can you name any significant harm caused by the NSA program? Not one example is ever provided of it being abused to harm an innocent citizen, but 50+ terrorist attacks have been prevented due to the program. You assholes really sicken me. You rather LET PEOPLE DIE than have the government know you like to jerk it to Chinese cartoons, but then you come on here and BRAG ABOUT IT ANYWAY.I used to think people against the program were just trolls, but after seeing Reddit praise Snowden as some kind of hero and not just the celebrity seeking attention whore that he is, I realized that perhaps some of these people are serious. This 20-something asshole wants to prop himself up like some kind of Thomas Jefferson and the liberals are more than willing to contribute to his delusional fantasies.
but 50+ terrorist attacks have been prevented due to the program[Citation needed]
It's a sad day when the dumbasss rep from my dumbass state is doing a better job than anything the other 49 can muster.This is like a Pinto winning Nascar.  This fucking state, the best and worst.
I knew someone was going to ask for a citation and act like a smart-ass in doing so. I had them ready. I bet you feel like a real idiot now.http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2013/06/18/nsa-surveillance-secret-programs-terror-plots/2434193/http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/officials-surveillance-programs-foiled-more-than-50-terrorist-plots/2013/06/18/d657cb56-d83e-11e2-9df4-895344c13c30_story.html
It's needed to defend our country.What makes you think it isn't you NEET weeaboo. Not everyone hoards illegal content on their thinkpads, fucking loser.Seriously.I want the full act back, makes me feel more secure knowing osama aint doing shit to my beautiful country.
Not the same anon, but I was going to ask the same question, and feel happy to have the information.
Hahah, you stupid nigger. A few months after that it came out that those were misleading claims. http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/oct/2/nsa-chief-figures-foiled-terror-plots-misleading/Try again NSA shill.
That seems slightly contradictory to the www.washingtontimes.com/news/2015/may/21/fbi-admits-patriot-act-snooping-powers-didnt-crack/ I saw a few days ago.
People here say it's bad.But isn't the EFF saying it's good? The EFF are the good guys, right?So is it good or bad? I'm not American, I don't know shit about your news.
they said they didn't catch shit
EFF thinks it's a step in the right direction but they still don't really like it.https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2015/04/new-usa-freedom-act-step-right-direction-more-must-be-done
You should try switching to a new IP before samefagging.
nice tryI'm not samefagging. I honestly believe that the only reason /g/ cares is because 90% of you idiots are anime watching pedos.
Because any government tasked with ruling over an area and a population of that scale is bound to fall into dysfunction and corruption.
bin Ladin laughs at the entire Western world from beyond the grave.The terrorists have won.
Is it bad I want the government to start black bagging people just because I didn't get laid enough in school?
Get fucked, fascist.
Look at the angry weeaboo in it's natural habitat, /g/
implying
orly?
you sure about that? niggerfaggot?
Fucking politiciansthem and their fallaciesad hominem is not how to justify your shit actions
http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2015/05/senate-impasse-nsa-spy-tactics-including-phone-records-collection-expiring/You retards.
jews are behind all of this. 9/11 was Mossad and they own all of the TSA security contracts. The end goal is to treat Americans like they do Palestinians in a security police state
muh juice conspiracy
Daily reminder that all of the data NSA scoops up about you is shared in the raw with Israel
Hi /pol/
It's amazing that you're so stupid that you don't understand the point they were making. They were saying that Americans care about it more. See also: Cinco de Mayo.
prove it...they haven't, they won't, they can't.
this is blatantly false. most of /pol/ cares about freedom and privacy.
pic related

anyone who doesn't like the government fucking you in the ass is a pedo!unironically supporting the Patriot actJust end your life.
wait what the fuck actually happenedhttp://abcnews.go.com/Politics/nsa-domestic-surveillance-program-expire-senate-fails-reach/story?id=31430492
What does that mean?advanced USA FreedomDeclared war on China? Russia?
trying this hard to be clever
Politics happened. You're welcome.
What use is privacy if the terrorists win? If they smuggle a nuke into a port, what use is not being spied on to those people who were obliterated?Liberty is not worth more than death. The founding fathers did not believe that liberty is worth dying for, especially in a world where having it is a real threat to your safety.
He's right. /pol/ is hella libertarian
The founding fathers did not believe that liberty is worth dying forExcept that's exactly what they believed.
One piece of vitally missing context is that the people getting their legs blown off are in the sand monkey's neighborhoods shooting people.Osama Bin Laden's plan to defeat america was not to scare it into surrendering, it was to scare america into destroying itself. The idea was to get america to be so scared of some ooga boogas in caves that it would spend so much money on a military to try and root them out that the country will collapse.Why is this his plan? Because it's what he did to the soviet union.
When they said "Liberty or death" they meant "Liberty to prevent death".If you need to give up liberty to prevent death because technology forces that change, then it should be done.
The fuck just happened. I'm seeing some reports that it died and others that a reform passed, both from reputable sources. I wish I was home so I could just be watching this shit on Cspan.
ad hominem is not how to justify your shit actionsthank you, 4chan user :^
My view of it is that nothing really changed. You're aware that the NSA hires out contractors to do a lot of their work, right?Well these contractors pay lobbyists to make sure that these NSA programs stay running. And these lobbyists pay politicians- and this pay goes to them keeping their jobs. The politician who doesn't collect money gets to find a new job.
That's not what the history textbooks will say.
implying i give a fuck about privacy, liberty, etc.
It is in vain, sir, to extenuate the matter. Gentlemen may cry, Peace, Peace but there is no peace. The war is actually begun! The next gale that sweeps from the north will bring to our ears the clash of resounding arms! Our brethren are already in the field! Why stand we here idle? What is it that gentlemen wish? What would they have? Is life so dear, or peace so sweet, as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it, Almighty God! I know not what course others may take; but as for me, give me liberty or give me death!
So are any other countries more lenient when it comes to privacy? Doesn't seem like it except maybe Canada. I want to wake up from this Orwellian nightmare, it's becoming too real.
well you're not arguing with me, you're arguing with a generation raised to think that liberty is not important.
This is because their parents never forced them to eat their vegetables, right?
My approach is to link liberty with the stability of a nation. All the illusions of safety in the world won't save you when you run out of money to pay for the safety. I consider garbage collection to be more important than national spying.Why not take the money and spend it on education?One thing that's glossed over is how much it costs to spy on americans. It costs a huge amount.
implying that people actually have any of these three in the US generally anyway kek
Se7en came out so long ago.
LolololBait thread.http://rt.com/usa/263745-patriot-act-expiration-surveilance/Section 215 expired.  So did lone wolf and roving wiretaps.The 77-17 vote was a cloture vote to end the democrat filibuster.
A psychotic extreme corporate shill moron with ties to White Nationalist groups? Yeah no thanks.
not so fasthttps://www.techdirt.com/articles/20150321/10395930395/even-if-congress-lets-section-215-expire-nsa-may-be-able-to-keep-collecting-phone-metadata.shtml
All human beings are born freeEveryone has the right to libertyYou can't possibly be free if you can't even speak your mind freely.To say that "freedom" and "liberty" are paramount, but freedom of speech is unimportant is asinine. You're just using words with a positive sound, and meaning nothing by them.
/pol/ is a bunch of edgy teenagers who want to pretend they are superior in intellect to their peers by taking contrarian stances, Not to mention the board has literally been co-opted by Stormfront. Still never understood why Moot never deleted /pol/ after several months when it was obvious it was turning the rest of 4chan into a political shit fight especially /int/ and /v/ and was swarmed almost instantly by Stormfront users and bots.
Nationalization is a core part of socialism.Only Marxist Leninism which is State-Capitalism by their own admission.Most Socialist strains of thought advocate federations of Worker Cooperatives.
Hey, at least it's on hold until Senate reconvenes Monday.
Against what? Your neighbor? The drug dealer down the street?What kind of delusion makes you think you could actually fight for change with violence? Where did this fantasy come from? Who told you these lies? Big Brother shows up on your doorstep and you're going to blow him away with your silly little semi-auto rifles? He's got more men than you do, and each of them has more guns than you do, and those guns are a lot better than anything you could afford, let alone get access to.The only people one could reasonably bear arms against are such a small blip on the radar that the cost of owning and maintaining guns outweighs their benefits unless you're hunting your own food, even then it's suspect. Most people get through their whole lives without being robbed, burgled, assaulted, held up, or otherwise engaged in a confrontation where lethal force is necessary to protect themselves.
Nationalization is a core part of socialism.Only to Statists, and those guys are morons.
1/3 of american households have gunsgovernment has more peoplewhatever you say buddy
this is what people who watch tv news actually believe
Did you really think it would be so easy?
You're going to collect a disorganized militia and convince them to hole up in some shitheap to resist the government, when the government can just have some nerds in the Pentagon's basement fly a half-dozen drones over your compound and slaughter every one of your "rebel fighters"? Really?Even if you could rally a single percent a million men, if your statistic is correct of gun owners behind your cause, they're scattered across the entire US, and at least half of them would be poorly trained or otherwise a liability. How are you going to get them and all their guns together? It's rebel power fantasy.
be amerifatbe freedon't pay taxesgo to jaildon't circumsise my childgo to jaildon't send kids to a schoolgo to jaildon't vaccinate my kidsgo to jailWow such freedoms
1/3 of amerifats are fat uneducated unfit neckbeards going up against a professional army that has seen combat almost endlessly since ww2 and receives more trax dollars than the next few countries armies combinedHave fun with that m8
, 
I remember seeing ads on television of BlueHippo ages ago, and I always presumed it was some sort of Linux computer desktop environment - Are there any memorable commercials for linux?
, 
, 
why the fuck is the audio level on my computer far lower than on my fucking phone? it's a fucking desktop, am I not supposed to have sacrificed portability for fucking QUALITY? the audio card is probably as big as my phone! holy shit, do the guys who made this computer eat shit for breakfast or something like that? goddammit.how do I enhance the volume on my desktop? are there any apps I can download, or any hacks I can do?
because you're using a different format for your music, or different headphonesor, your sound card on your motherboard could be shit. I'm using an MSI mobo without any issues in my build but remember that HP can't even be fucked to include enough thermal paste in their products so they probably went cheap on the sound card/audio outputAs for "solutions", try using different headphones, update your drivers, use different music formats and see if it changes anything.
, 
, 
are you a pirate? how would you feel if people stole what you put years of your life into?
Yes, and I use adblock too.
if you don't want people to have certain  information, you should keep it secret
Woo! The daily copyright shill thread! Hi copyright shill! Hiiiiiiii!
I put years of my life into pirating media. Why won't the content cartel pay me in cash for my efforts? I'm not a charity.
I simply license everything under the GPL 2.
I am. Everything i created was always provided free to use. Which includes music and little programs.
Oh boo hoo the poor Hollywood jews./thread
All information and media should be free.
I pretty much give away everything I do.  So, don't care much.  I take back less than I give.Also, copies are not "theft."
what is the evolution of words and vocabulary
If piracy is a concern of yours then you shouldn't be making the product to begin with.
Added :^ to all alphabet agencies watch lists
I try not to, unless there's a program I absolutely need with no free alternative. I'm too lazy to pirate, honeslty
pirateMind your words: https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/words-to-avoid.html#PiracystoleCopying is not theft:http://youtu.be/IeTybKL1pM4I download warez, block ads and use free software whenever I can. No regrets.
found the MAFIAA shill
years of my life went into education.can someone steal my debt.
how would you feel if people stole what you put years of your life into?Better than if nobody ever saw it.
10/10
Why would they steal it? I already give away all of my software for free.
This.I'd be honored to have someone like anything I made so much that they had to pirate it
goddamn pirates;_;
why does this guy keep posting pics of himselfsome hermit
I put an app on google play once, I wouldn't mind if folks pirate it at all, but fucking buying it and charging back is soul destroying.ooh I made a sale!oh wait, no I didn't - fuck
If people aren't pirating it,it's shit OP
When i was a boy, we bought albums pressed on vinyl and copied them to cassette tapes. We gave them to friends. we made mix taoes for parties. We traded them or gave them away. Dual cassette recorders started showing up on store shelves. Now record comoaies have to compete with iTunes. And record companies are still promoting music aimed at 14 year olds because baby boomers bought a billion Elvis and Beatles records. Well those baby boomers are in their 60s and 70s now. The only people who want Miley Cyrus records are 14 year olds and their aren't as many as there used to be. Stop blaming your outdated business model on illegal sharing, it's been around forever.
tfw learning assembly to bypass any restrictions in OP's software
If people stoleI'd be pretty pissed.If people made a replica of, keeping the originals in tact.I don't know, I wouldn't give too much of a fuck.
In 8 hours and 8 minutes the FBI is going to raid your house for pirating. What do you do anon?
people do steal from me every day through taxation.  They also do it through corruption of the government.
Niceme.me
40keks
I hope you're not saying all taxation is stealing, because it does often provide benefits for the public good.However, you're right that in the hands of a corrupt government, a lot of times it just lines the pockets of government officials and the corporations they're in bed with.Ideally, taxation would be used to better our society by providing social services like education and healthcare that everyone benefits from, but in a corrupt government, you'll get "hey, let's half-ass everything and make mad dosh!" See: the US.
Wake up, because I'm obviously dreaming, for the FBI would never raid a home for downloading TV shows.
They would if Hollywood would pay enough officials.
In 8 seconds, pirate the FBI for housing
The things I put years of my life into cannot be trivially reproduced.
They day that comes, I'm moving to an abandoned oil rig.
I make porn. Literally - seriously - TENS OF MILLIONS have pirated content I've produced mostly tube site views.I'm never going to pay for a movie/music ever again outside of Netflix/Spotify/going to the movie theater, and I'll sleep like a baby thinking about it.
make great paintingmuseum buys it for 2mil, plus you get an extra 10 cents for every museum guest that looks at itsomeone takes a photo of it and shares it onlineOH NO I LOST 20$. MY ENTIRE WORK IS RUIIIIINED!
Most piratefags are kiddies and poorfags, so it doesn't matter to me.Shit woukd suck if you were a startup and your only oriducts were being primarily pirated. That's when I would start seeding adware.
I know you're lying or fucking retarded if yiu aren't prifiting from major tubesites.
I profit off them too. But "users" still continue to upload my content that doesn't get tracked/I don't get paid for, have to DMCA, etc.
Must ask, is your content on efukt?
It actually did save one video game from obscurity, The Red Star. It was going to be published by Acclaim, but they went bankrupt. The new owners of the IP weren't going to do anything with the completed game until they saw how popular it was on the torrents, so they published it on the PS2, and later on other platforms. The only way to get the best version on the Xbox is to pirate it.
Well, think of the children, they don't have paypal or CCs.m-mom.. can I borrow dad's cc?no dear, why would you need that?I only wanted.. you know.. hot.. kinky..what did you say, dear?I wanted to download hotkinky vid-*slap*
Kek. No.
how would you feel if people stole what you put years of your life into?I'd feel great because I want my work to be shared with everyone freely without restrictions.
If you have no problem with people 'pirating' then you should have no problem with companies 'pirating' GPL or simular licensed software. What I mean by that is that these companies should be able to ignore the license and do whatever they want.
It means my work wasn't that good and I could if done better. The worse off something is sometimes more piracy
stoleright, right. Next thing people usually say about it is something about the number of downloads being equal to the number of copies unsold, and for some reason all those people have something to do with copyright organizations and not the production itself.
i wouldn't care because i would never go into it so naive
Didn't say piracy was bad. But the*coughcough*, piracy is actually no worse than sending pictures *sniff* and piracy was invented by the NSA to imprison americans...stuff is dumb
https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/words-to-avoid.en.html#PiracyI tried copying and pasting this into a post, but 4chan says its spam. All the words and phrases seem pretty innocuous, what triggered the filter?
Maybe because was already posted in the thread: 
I mean the actual text itself.
But I'd still have whatever they pirate from me. That's not stealing and I think you should take a class in English.
trying to mislead and marginalize file sharing by calling it piracy is right? maybe i should start calling litterers rapists and it would be okay. imagine when someone see you littering and says "Hey! Stop raping you rapist"maybe we start calling studios and publishers thiefswell it would be only word evolution.
its not stealing, im just making a copy of ityes but you invested time and energy into making a product that you were going to sell and all that time and energy is now wasted
if we are being ambiguousdo you know those faggots that have their files encrypted and it asks for money to allow him to access them again? drm is pratically the same shitso by that logic drm is malwarepirates are removing fucking malware from filesthose and those assholes that hate pirates are distributing malware
Music I am totally fine with. Also if I were a famous musician I would not mind if people pirated my music, but when it comes to software and games especially independent developers is where I would draw the line.
Depends how reasonable my business practices were.
If I made something that was worthy/popular enough to be pirated I would be glad people would see/hear/use it and if it was that popular I would probably still be making money off of it anyway.
The entertainment industry makes about 15% of the U.S economy, with this being said no one care's.
For their personal use? Sure, no problem.
But drm *is* malware. That should have been blindingly obvious from the start.Not disagreeing, but you can't really pirate GPL software.
people use porn pay-to-watch sites because there are no ads and you can get all the shit you like in one placetubes will never be able to compete with that unless somebody decides to finance porn sites himself
You're making the assumption that you own the software. You're licensing it.
Yep, and I wouldn't like it. Just like I'm not a cucumber farmer but don't give a shit that I stick perfectly made cucumbers up my ass hole and throw them away without eating them.
How would feel spending years working on something to sell, then realizing that you're so retarded that you forgot copying exist
I'd never sell software to begin with, free as in free. I'm not going to make anything else anyway  so I'd feel pretty good.
he fell for the licensing meme
good look when theh start to do "licensing"  to cars
I give away my own efforts of years time. Information is an over saturated commodity. It is worthless.
It was love at first sight. Googled for 30 minutes straight to find the original picture. It's Ririka Katou from Bodacious Space Pirates. I'm off to fap now.
I wouldn't feel very good about it.
How did you even know where to start looking
Who is this guy .
The sysadmin
the Anime Character database. I put in some info about her, such as hair color and eye color, but I didn't get anything. So I just googled the line in the subtitle, and got the name of the anime.I'm like a weeaboo NEET sleuth.
You sound like a soccer mom
As long as they don't make money off of it, I couldn't give a fuck.
Because I believe putting a patent on sound waves is stupid. It's like trying to copyright pictures anyone can take of nature and shit. It's stupid and if they want to make money, they should do another career. Most people make music nowadays free.
 Sauce
I'd feel like anyone else.
Not live in america
If the art you are making doesn't give you enough intrinsic value then you should stop making art, I am sorry you can't afford that gold plated toilet because I am not going to buy your album from 1993.
I only pirate pornography because I don't want to fund exploitation.
Are you a pirate?Yep, I live in Somalia and take international vessels hostage. Perhaps one day Seal Team Six will kill me and make a movie about it.
I pirate what is not available to legally buy in my country.
I think I would base my reaction on how well the content was liked.Like if my shit was Pirated, but people loved it and it became popular, Id be ok. Might even encourage me to continue the project/future projects.If they hated it, then fuck em, it's not like they paid for it.
The guy with all the machines named after 2hus right? Or is there another one.
I the captain now.
1. yes2. I have written software that a bunch of people buy already, it is my job to make it hard or difficult to pirate, or to otherwise incentivize purchasing, but I don't want people put in jail for it. I really don't give a shit.
Man, I always pirate games, but they were usually old games I didn't feel guilty about.I just recently upgraded my computer and pirated GTAV immediately. Now that I'm playing a modern triple A title I kinda feel bad about myself.
I hope you're not saying all taxation is stealing, because it does often provide benefits for the public good.Saying taxes are one thing, does not mean it isn't another thing."I hope you aren't saying that ice cream causes diabetes, because it tastes like fruit"
I release what I create on to websites for publicity I don't give a fuck shitposter
Pretty fine. If they care enough to check it out then that's pretty cool. Maybe someone will like it enough to purchase legally or donate or something. That's assuming I'm even selling it. Everything I've ever worked on, I've distributed for free under various free licenses. For most of my own projects I use the WTFPL because it fits nicely into my purposes. If I really cared about the work I put into something, I could see myself licensing things under GPL
Answer me OP, do you actually get paid to make this shit thread or do you do it for free?Im just curious.If first is yes then is it your only job or do you do it like while working in mcdonalds over your phone or something?else if second is yes then are you butthurt artist or programmer or worse are you a complete retard with no profit in this anyhow.Please answer these I need to know.
And coming soon is AssWipe 1.0, a "crazy fast" "innovative" "ingenious" system for people too stupid to remember anything, too clueless to make their own judgments about which shop/restaurant to visit, too gormless to read street signs, too thick to do basic mental arithmetic, too feckless even to take responsibility for their own data. The new generation of ready-to-fleece sheep: incapable of holding a face to face conversation without drooling over their phone as they seek those must-have-now one-sentence updates from people they've never metâ€”although they have hundreds of "friends"!â€”but they do like bright sharp colors and cartoons.
I can't see why you would want a tool that can do square roots easily accessible at all timesI can't see why you would want directions for areas in life where road signs are unclear or fewI'm probably not very socially active, and can't see why younger people are using cellphones and social media to communicate.Anon, do you think maybe it's time for you to stop?  I don't use google services for much, but the only decent point you made was the fact people don't take responsibility for their own data these days.
I fix computer for people, but obviously mostly PC's because people fuck them up more.  I was looking at this guy's mac for him, and when I hit the little green + I expected the window to maximize to the full screen.  It didn't happen.  I was confused, and even tried to drag the window to fill the whole thing up, and it wouldn't even stretch the width of the screen.I dismissed it thinking it was just an old model or outdated OSx version, but today I'm working on a pretty recent Macbook Pro, and I still can't maximize the windows. I knew macs were shitty but I never actually needed to use them. This really was kinda shocking.I also tried to move some stuff to a flashdrive earlier that was working just fine on my windows machine, and it simply would not let me copy anything to this flash drive, but I could move things to another drive that was the exact same size and model. I truly don't understand why.  I couldn't even rename the fucking flash drive or make a new folder on it.Additionally, the trackpad is fucked as hell.  I thought people were in love with the trackpad on the mac, but this particular computer's trackpad is pretty fucking messed up.  It's likely significantly less sensitive in the middle of the pad, so if you drag something across the pad the cursor hardly moves.  I also don't know what the fuck is going on with that.  I tried booting to safe mode and the same thing happened so I don't think it's a software issue.I usually fix PC's, but I'm not nearly as familiar with macs with what to use.  I go into the applications menu and see all the icons, but I can't tell the difference between a system app and some shitty adware that's installed.  Is there something to scan for unwanted programs or general shitty clutter?  Or some antivirus I should install that will take care of this type of shit? Thanks for any help, and I'm sure I'm just missing something about the things I'm complaining about, if anyone has any explanations that'd be great too.
Uninstalling apps is kinda weird too.  Every site I looked at just said to move things to the trash and then empty the trash bin, but then I saw some application that Also removes related files.... So otherwise they just stay there?  Why is this the recommended action to take?
I don't use macs, but these problems are pretty obvious.I still can't maximize the windowsI think there is a maximize button in one of the corners of the window. I don't know what the green plus is supposed to do. This was the first thing that bugged me when I tried using a Mac for the first time.it simply would not let me copy anything to this flash driveMaybe it uses some filesystem that Mac only supports read-only? Maybe there are permission issues?if you drag something across the pad the cursor hardly movesHave you tried dragging faster? In most modern trackpads you'll get more cursor distance from a quick swipe than you do slowly  sliding your finger across. Have you looked at the system trackpad settings?Uninstalling apps is kinda weird tooEach OS X app is essentially consolidated in its own folder. Deleting that folder is like removing a package in Linux; the program may have left behind user settings and maybe some cache and temporary files.
hahah oh wow, how do mac fags not even know what an apparently major ui button does?
I don't use macsHave you tried reading posts before replying?
How do I get to the trackpad settings?  I don't know where to like search for options or programs or anything.
Apple's machines are designed for very simple minded people, who don't want to / can not  question the stupid design choices and blatant fuck ups in their systems, and obviously are also willingly pay for these overpriced design toys.Do you know how Apple "fixes" their customers broken machines? They replace them with new ones. Literally.You can bet that the guy who owns that piece of crap machine of yours would be totally shocked if you'd say that his lil Mac is full of viruses. Or he could just deny all that and call you stupid, 'cos "Macs don't get malware, and never crash!"
idk, but I used to have a Mac.The green + is more of a "fit window to content" button. If you made the window smaller, it will fit it to the correct size. Also, if you make the window bigger than this size, it will make it smaller again.
mac fagsI don't use macsI've only ever used a Mac for like 10 minutes one day. That's not enough to bother figuring out the subtle purpose of a button that has no equivalent in any other major DE I've ever tried.
Each OS X app is essentially consolidated in its own folder. Deleting that folder is like removing a package in Linux; the program may have left behind user settings and maybe some cache and temporary files.Except for those that come with a .pkg installer, in which case your guess is as good as mine when it comes to what was installed and where.How do I get to the trackpad settings? I don't know where to like search for options or programs or anything.AFAIR you can get to system-wide settings app if you click on the apple logo in the top left corner, and then choose something like "System settings" from the menu that shows up. I may be slightly mistaken, as the last OSX version I used was 10.3.9, and that was ages ago I still have the computer - it's a G5 Powermac, but it runs Linux now.
your guess is as good as mine when it comes to what was installed and whereWhat is a BOM?
What is a BOM?Well, a Byte Order Mark is a sequence of values at the beginnig of a UTF-8, UTF-16 or a UTF-32 encoded text file that identifies the file as encoded with said encodings and identifies whether the values are stored as little-endian or big-endian only important when dealing with UTF-16 and UTF-32.Not sure how it's relevant to .pkg packages installing files wherever they please.
He's referring to a Bill Of Materials, which tracks what files from a kg were installed where
maximize windows Okay that one is a bit weird, I'll give you that, but you get used to it. I knew macs were shitty but I never actually needed to use them"I knew a thing that I knew nothing about and had never used was shitty". You obviously know nothing about tech, you're probably some shitty teenager "fixing" PCs for your old family members by installing Avast and Chrome. If not, then you should quit your job because you shouldn't just have prejudice against something you have no clue what it is, fag.it simply would not let me copy anything to this flash drive. I couldn't even rename the fucking flash drive or make a new folder on it.Permissions. Happen on Linux too, you can make it work easily though if you actually know just ANYTHING about IT.Additionally, the trackpad is fucked as hell.Literally most popular and advanced trackpad in the worldIt's likely significantly less sensitive in the middle of the pad, so if you drag something across the pad the cursor hardly moves.Are you so dense you don't realise that this is a hardware fault caused by the retard owner, not the company?but I can't tell the difference between a system app and some shitty adware that's installedThat was never hard to me even when I went from Linux to OSXIs there something to scan for unwanted programs or general shitty clutter?Just uninstall the unwanted clutter.Or some antivirus I should install that will take care of this type of shit? If you install anti virus programmes on any PC, you're not an IT guy. OSX put apps in their own folder, so that means deleting the app deletes the whole app, just not caches and stuff.
"Macs" are personal computers
Or some antivirus I should install that will take care of this type of shit?Installing antivirus on OSXI hope nobody's paying you for your services
Bill Of MaterialsThat's the most contrived acronym I've heard this month.  BOM has a standard meaning  and using it to mean something else is deliberately and maliciously being confusing for the sake of being confusing.
If you install anti virus programmes on any PC, you're not an IT guy.macfags everyone
Did you just fucking call Windows "PC"?
lol I install acrobat reader and charge them $40.
pretending a Mac is not a PCmaking up FUD about Mac OSXhating the trac-oh wait the trackpad actually is shityou're still a shitposter, op
Wikipedia lists it before Byte Order MarkFeel free to point me to the standards body that has reserved the acronym "BOM" to mean "Byte Order Mark" specifically though.hurr durr acronyms are reserved for whatever I'm most familiar with
If you install anti virus programmes on any PC, you're not an IT guy.Our IT department even uses antivirus on the Macs because OCX viruses have gotten prevalent enough to warrant it.If you aren't installing anti-virus, your IT department must be fucked.
Byte Order Mark was invented in 1991 at the very latest.Bill of Materials because "file listing" or "package listing" or "package index" isn't good enough seems to date from 2006.BOM is standardized by the Unicode Consortium, whereas Bill of Materials is standardized by, umm, Apple.Note that Apple is actually a member of the Unicode Consortium, so there really isn't any excuse for them to say "Oh, we didn't realize that BOM was already being used."
I bought a GTX 980 from Best Buy 2 weeks ago. What are the chances that they will let me return it to get a 980Ti? Is there anything I can do?
The ultimate cuck
install gentoo
Come on guys, lets be serious. Can I download more VRAM?
Yes.
replace the inverse reactive current encabulator with a quantum inverse reactive current encabulator and also place a logarithmic cooler on it
so naive thinking that they'd actually have them in stock.
EVGA step up if its an EVGA card.
2 weeksdoesn't Best Buy have a 14 day return policy? if so, just get a straight refundeither that or throw it in the oven for a few hours then RMA it
buying a video card literally weeks away from a new releasethis isnt your average everyday retarded, this is advanced retardationenjoy your $600 life lesson
OP probably just read the tomshardware article on the 980tii wonder what he'll do when the 390x comes out?
short it out while it's running using some bare wire, then pretend it failed and ask for store credit refund
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
What are the chances that they will let me return it to get a 980Ti?We warned you about this. Fuck off.
Hey, at least you're not one of the retards who bought a Titan X.
at least you're not one of the retards who bought a Titan X.What's wrong with the Titan X? It delivers everything in its spec and is the best single-GPU card in the world. I'm still tempted to pay $350 more than the 980 Ti for the Titan X, just so that I can enable Ultra+16xMSAA on 4k.
i chuckledplease don't be real, I'll cry
$350 for a 1fps differenceNever let it be said that Nvidiots aren't retarded.
1fps differenceIt's more than 1 FPS difference at 4K with everything maxed.
Yeah good luck with that 16xMSAA on 4K you fucking retard
The importance of memory bandwidth is reflected in the fact that GTX 980 Ti seems to be even closer to Titan X performance-wise than at 1440p, to the point where occasionally we see the less capable card very slightly outperforming the full GM200 in our tests - margin of error stuff on titles where CPU bottlenecks can cause an issue, and indicative of just how close these two GPUs are in actual real-life conditions.
Buying a titan x for anything other than a workstation is retarded
Guess I'll wait for Pascal's Titan.
Buying a Titan X for a workstation is even MORE retarded.
turbo encabulatorMy ni/g/ga.
implying best buy will check the actual condition of the card if you say it's "broken"there's usually only niggers and other dumb folk working the register. they don't have geek squad run down to test it out.
nvidiots that never learn
http://videocardz.com/55996/gigabyte-radeon-r9-380-g1-gaming-marketing-materials-leak-outThe site also leaked branding materials for Radeon R9 390X and R9 390, both based on Hawaii GPU and both equipped with 8GB GDDR5 memory.Now I wonder where are all these people who claimed there are no Radeon 300 series but 400?YFW AMD faggots still deny 300 series is not a rebrand or is OEM only
380 is R9 285 with 4GB + more streaming cores/clockR9 285256 bit + 2GB competed with R9 280 384 bit + 3GB with lower TDP.So upscaled 285 might be quite powerful. We'll see.
All it takes from AMD is a Hawii + 10% to compete with a 980Awoooo
ayyy
This. If they get +10-15% with lower TDP and higher memory it'll be pretty good.
Anybody who isn't on 4K shouldn't give a shit anyway.Full tonga will be perfect for 1440 or 1080@120.
Is nvidia even trying? 2 year old amd cards are going to beat the cards they sell for over $500.
NOPE.AVI390X still slower than GTX 980
are going toA good chip R9 290X Vapor-X outperforms a shit chip GTX 980 already, all they realistically need to do is work on power draw and bin the chips a bit higher.
AMD can't compete with Nvidia's superior Maxwell architectureLets just double the memory on everything285 2GB to 390 4GB290X 4GB to 390X 8GBAYY
Keep dreaming nvidiot.
Being this buttmad over the bitter truth
So wait, which of these cards are going to use HBM?
Nope, because they are rebrands of 200 series cards
comparing card performance using vram capacity and memory bandwidthnever go full retard285 has the same amount of shaders, TMUs and ROPs as 280. It's not really a surprise that the cards perform more or less the same.
R9 285 with 4GB VRAM, better power efficiency and just a 8-pin power connectorI'm OK with this
actually the 285 performs almost as well as the 280x in a lot of cases, only when the color compression isn't as effective does it do worse
Cisco /b/'sJust passed the CCENT and am now planning to work towards passing the CCNA Security. A few google searches are telling me to complete the generic Routing & Switching CCNA first, but the posters never really give reasons why.Anyone who has gone down this route, can you tell me the reasons why I should take the R&S exam before I start on the Security one? It's not listed as a prereq.
bamp
CCENT is the first half of R&SR&S is really important and other later certs build upon itread this book:http://www.amazon.com/Routing-Switching-Deluxe-Study-Guide/dp/1118789709
So you're recommending R&S before Security, as well?Well, guess that's it then. R&S it is. Cheers!
What are the good certs to have
more is always betteraside from comptia and cisco you might want mcse, rhel, and some vmware cert don't know what it's called off the top of my headbut honestly they're really all just resume padding
there's no reason to do it FIRST but you should definitely do RS after securityCCENT on a resume looks fucking stupid
Go RS.Normally people get hired or promoted into the security side of the house after they've proved themselves in other areas. Because security encompasses so many fields they're often more concerned with how well of an overview you have of all of the technology and have worked with it than if you've got any security certs. But your mileage may vary.
Cisco /b/'s/b/'sfuck off
So, about a week and a half ago I asked you useless fuckers for mouse suggestions.All you did was berate me for using a Logitech BJ58 for years.  Then there were a trickle of recommendations.I bought a Steelcase Sensei.  $50.  What a pile of shit!  Their drivers are absolutely appalling.  The click resistance was completely inconsistent between the two main buttons, and the click of the wheel was *extremely* hard.  One-way ticket to RSI.I did some more research.  Found old recommendations for the Microsoft Wheel Mouse Optical.  I ordered one off eBay for $8, shipping included.$8 fucking dollars and it's a better experience than the $50 "gaming" mouse.  The buttons have excellent click feel, the scrollwheel is nice, and the middle click is barely harder than the main buttons.  Plus, the new Microsoft mouse management software is really slick, and works WAY better than the shitty, HTML-embedded-window Steelcase drivers.So fuck you, you useless fuckers, and if you need a new mouse, check out the classic Wheel Mouse Optical X80 OEM, I think or X08 non-OEM.
Subscribed! Do you have an RSS feed? I would love to sync your blog feed to my phone to read offline!
he bought a laser mousekill yourself
I don't get it though. Why wouldn't you just buy a Logitech G400; cheaper and better than the Steelseries.
Get that cheap etekcity mouse on Amazon. It's great coming from a MX518 whore like myself.And the cord is braided so it's strong enough to hang yourself with
Should have purchased an Intellimouse Optical over the Wheel Mouse Optical.It remains the only mouse that matters.
I have a SteelSeries Sensei and don't have little bitch fingers so I love it.
braided cords are fucking shit no matter what.
Why wouldn't you just buy a Logitech G400Not ambidextrous.Intellimouse OpticalI'll look into it.  Sounds like it's larger good and heavier bad.  I like the side button, though.  Looks like the Wheel Mouse Optical 1.1 and the Intellimouse use the same "Intellieye Engine" sensor.I'm prone to tendinitis.  Good for you, though, I'm glad you paid $50 for a mediocre mouse, terrible software, and top-notch marketing.
Oh, it's right-handed only.  Fuck that noise.
zowie
Dude you've been posting this in every halfway relevant most thread for like two weeks
You figured it out op, dint listen to /mkg/ for keyboard recs either, the ibm rt3200 is the best price/performance you can get, and also trackpoint
Good for him.  None of you useless fuckers suggested the Microsoft optical mice when I needed info.
Anyone tried mionix naos 7000 or 8200?Looks like just what I need, a simple and good mouse with a comfortable shape, the lack of buttons is a turnoff though and who knows about built quality, I'm pretty sick of gaymer mice that doesn't even last half a year.
All you did was berate me for using a Logitech BJ58 for years.I bought a Steelcase Sensei. $50. What a pile of shit!OP does it again
What semi-gaming mice are there for claw grip?
How is the tracking?
Implying that there is anything wrong with the simple Logitech that gave 14 years of great ergonomic service.
the ibm rt3200 is the best price/performance you can getI'm actually very intrigued by this keyboard.  Never heard of it before.  I'm skeptical of the I guess membrane keys, though.
I have that keyboard. I used it as my main for a while, but I went back to my mechanical. I still use it while on my couch, and it works amazingly for that.
What sort of mechanical?  How would you compare the feel?I seem to remember that, back in the day, IBM switched to a membrane style keyboard for the PS/2 computers.  At least, the later models.  I don't recall disliking them, though I'd typed for a few years on the Model M clickety-clack keyboards already.
I use browns, but I want to try blues. The membrane keys on that board are not the worst, but they are definitely mushier than mechanical switches. The rollover also wasn't the best for gaming.
There's buttons on both sides, it's an ambidextrous mouse.
razer top gayman productshonestly what a piece of shit, it developed a problem where it randomly dies and has to be unplugged and plugged in again
the fucks all over your mouse?
This.I use my mouses into oblivion. I had a Sidewinder x5 for 4 years that I took apart to fix, and after seeing picks of teardowns on the internet I was expecting it to be full of dust. Almost nothing.And all the fucking mice covered with gunk...How the fuck does that happen? What are they fucking doing to it?
Dude my autism would rage if I had so much shit on my mouse.clean keyboard every week or twoclean mouse when I see a glimpse of residue on it.clean screens at least once per month.Is it too much autism?
I had a Lachesis I bought after I gave my amazing Diamondback away. It started moving vertically only until I unplug and re-plug it back in. I'm convinced this is either a combination of shitty drivers on their part or sub-par sensors. Either way I spent ~$90 on a piece of shit that broke within a year and a half. I purchased the D'back in fucking 2009 and it still works perfectly.Holy shit has Razer gone downhill since the early Diamonback days. Whatever coating they use is fucking awful and flakes off within a few months of standard use, it also builds up dirt like crazy.In comparison to my Logitech and old D'back it was the worst mouse I've ever bought and the sole reason I'll never spend money on any Razer product ever again.
this mouse would have been suggested sarcastically, if you must have a gaymer mouse, go for the deathadder
I bought a Steelcase Sensei. $50. What a pile of shit!I have a Sensei raw and have had no problems. Considering I just bought a 4K screen I'll probably never be able to go back to something under 1600dpi, let alone a shitty optical
What desktop environment do you use and why?
the point of a DE is to bring proprietary UX to free softwaresince every single fucking DE fails catastrophicallyby sticking the user with any combination of shit design, poor optimization, and outdated paradigms expected of free software UIs, there's no fucking point
Dude, what?I use Cinnamon on my laptop. It's decent and has everything I need. The reason I don't use XFCE is because of the shitty way it handles desktop icon names.
still using a DE
WM's are the way to go, productivity is much better. DE only for eye-candy.
my own theme xfcemy theme involves the command "touch" and an empty config file so there are no title bars and no x's to close programs etcall hotkeysnothing too fancythe title bars just annoy the shit out of me
No, the point of DEs is to make your desktop have some semblance of consistency and sanity without having to burn several hours of your life getting everything configured right.
gnome+gentoo = god tier
whats a WM please dont hit me
"Women Magnet"*tip*
Window manager
windows malware
Gnome. No need to ever touch the mouse for anything.And it actually looks decent, unlike most WMs out there.
Lollipop. The material design is nice compared to Jelly Bean. I'm looking forward to Montellamar. A ginger sling with a pineapple heart. Coffee Dessert, don't you know it's good news?
Gnome,gnigger.
XFCE and KDE.First one is simple but also worked perfectly right away or with minimal effort like a WM. KDE I just wanted to try. Still might move on as v5 has been a big buggy.
KDE 5nice dark themecustomizablelots of featuresdevs aren't retardedisn't constantly losing featuresnot tablet bullshitthumbnails/iconview in filepickerawesome programskdeconnectqt  gtk
KDE because it's good and I like it
what do you guys like about KDE?I got some stuff from it installed but I only use XFCE minimalisticI use dolphin to browse files / sftp into servers etc thoughI guess that's what is so nice though, is anyone can use whatever they like on whatever they like
Gnome,gnegro.
UnityLeast buggy, just werks.
You got that from me. :-
MATE first as a second choice since Ubuntu sucks with GNOME but then because I can't be arsed to migrate back to GNOME on Debian.
Windows. It's better than every DE on Linux.
Linux doesn't have a DE, you know it being a kernel.
Unity.I hated Unity when it first came out in 2011. However, I decided to give it a try with Ubuntu 15.04 and I love it.
this, i just installed it the other day. I am loving it.https://github.com/qdore/Mutatecheck this out to lunch your applications faster
How?global menu/wasted space when no program openlauncher can't be moved
 OPthis isn't technology discussion you fucking faggot go to best buy if you want someone else to decide what to buy for you you fucking consumer slobwhat, did you come here just to ask that question? invite the fucking shills in why don't youyes, a whole thread is important, it will promote valuable discussion about which consumer electronic another idiot will dump their wage/parents money intodid you even fucking go to new egg?did you even fucking check the stupid question thread? is this your first time here?why would WE serve YOUR demand? what is the purpose of a discussion board when every fucking post is "hey /g/ what should I buy" you already fucking do the weakest thing which is pissing money away on pointless shit, but no, you can't even do that yourself, you go here, see "Technology" and think, "Wow these guys probably know what to buy"INTEL vs AMDNVIDIA vs AMDMICROSOFT WONWHY HAVENT YOU BOUGHT YOUR MAC YETPROBLEM LAGDROIDSHOW DO I FIX X PROBLEMyou fucked up, as did the rest into the dumpster you go, the trash is full, no, go to the landfill you fuck headalso, your pic is a fucking 3TB drive and you should just buy a WD blue, maybe if I answer, you will leavealso fuck this captcha shit, this is a crime, I dont want you'r american burgers
Excuse me
using desktop iconsGet a load of this queer
Stumpwm
I really liked Gnome on my Arch install but gnome-shell had a serious memory leak and I was unable to upgrade/remove it properly. If I installed Arch again, I think I'd go for XFCE.
Same for me. I'd go with Mate.
gnomegot a lot of golddragon size cuckroof over my headwhat moar can a man ask for?
So, should I learn how to use a wm like i3 or Awesome, or should I stick to a de? Do wm's really improve workflow or whatever that much?
I use MATE because unity is stupid and I like the function of the MATE menu...maybe it's a mint feature...the favorite apps explosion.that plus compiz and VSynced desktop features i don't miss windows at all.
I don't understand why people suck Cinnamon's cock so much. I've used it; it feels like a nasty Xfce rip-off.
Used it for a bit, didn't like it. Is it as customizable as XFCE? As I understand, I can make XFCE do dynamic workspaces like gnome with some addons...
Timeline of my DE/WM.Gnome-KDE-Pantheon-XFCE4-Awesome-I3-Xmonad
I didn't like it either, and no it's not as customisable. I don't know why you would use it when Xfce is better in every buggering way.
I want to get a distro that supports the latest GNOME version. Will Ubuntu do?
Yeah, and go ahead and get the official gnome build that doesn't have unity's bloat and spywarehttp://ubuntugnome.org/
Fedora would probably be a better choice if you want easy access to the latest GNOME or anything really. Someone will probably say "arch is better muhh bleeding edge" etc., but we all know arch is for autists.You're not autistic are you?
Windows. It's better than every DE on Linux.Integration gone overboard.That's why it's so fucking slow.
unity is the retarded fork of gnome which they've managed to make even heavier on resourcesxfce multi monitor support suckslxde is pure trash to get anything done onkde is heavy on resources but would be nice if any kind of integration with GTK apps existedgnome is retardedly bloated for what it's supposed to do, runs like ass on older hardwareWMs work but require getting hands dirty to make them workThe worst thing is i have to pick my poison. I guess i'm stuck with gnome or mate
Gnome. It's nice, simple, and looks good. It doesn't put a constant shitty 64px toolbar on the side of the screen, and multiple virtual desktops is pleasant to use. I don't really care for the notification bar at the bottom, but with gnome extensions I just simply move them to the top.
I've always used kde and then used a very non-resource intensive wm like awesome or i3 because I like to tinker, you are right the about gtk support everytime I open wicd-gtk my eyes bleed from the bright white on my screen.
I use Xfce as it is apparently the most balanced DE. I tried others too, but had various problems with them. KDE comes with tons of stuff I do not need whatsoever and consumes more ram than others; Gnome 3 started to crash on login when I switched to Catalyst drivers and I do need them; LXDE is great for older computers but mine is not THAT old; Cinnamon is alright but still features various bugs here and there; and finally MATE had the most bugs for me - random crashes, slow icon loading, applications not displaying windows or tray icons etc.
A-are you having a stroke anon?Do you want me to call the ambulance?
!DOCTYPE htmlhtmlheadtitlePage Title/title/headbodyh1This is a Heading/h1pThis is a paragraph./p/body/html
Noice
 please post contact info, I have an exciting career opportunity 4u
print "OP is a faggot"
This is what the new generation thinks coding is
I want to build my next PC as quiet as possible.Older fans seem to get louder every year, even if they were originally pretty silent.What's the best setup to achieve this, aside from the obvious?I've been looking at water cooling since it seems to be comparatively easy today, so I'm guessing that will take care of the huge fan over the CPU.Then there's the case fans and GPU which can make a lot of noise. I'd really like really quiet ones, even if I have to give up some power as a tradeoff. I don't need a top of the line GPU since most games run just fine even with older 7850 cards.Tl;dr silent computing thread?
Can someone gimme a TL;DR version of what happened with the patriot act and freedom act and all that jazz?My understanding of it is that it's the same shit but with a different name. But I could be wrong.
patriot act expired. freedom act new and shiny. same shit minus a few things because of snowden and whatnot.
My understanding of it is that it's the same shit but with a different nameYep
Rand Paul forced the Patriot Act to expire, but the USA Freedom Act only needs 51 votes to clear the Senate on Tuesday.  Our only hope is if the Senate gets cocky and tacks on amendments that the House can't swallow.As far as differences, the main thing is the NSA et al will fetch user data from ISPs instead of collectiong/storing it itself.  Pic related.Not sure if still needs periodic renewal like the Patriot Act, or becomes permanent.
Patriot Act is kill.We Freedom Act now, which is basically a privatized Patriot Act.Thanks Conservatives.
How long do ISPs store data? Will they be required to make their own versions of the Utah Data Center? I can't imagine that ISPs would be very happy about this.
It doesn't matter if they're happy or not. They'll bend over and take it up the ass, like they always do.
Oh, and PRISM is unaffected AFAIK.  Fuck call records, my browsing habits are far more important, yet it gets zero attention in reform proposals.  The cynic in me wonders if they're hoping everyone will just forget about that part.AFAIK there's currently no storage length specified.  I think McConnell wants an amendment to mandate a minimum time, but that's one of the things that might kill the bill if it has to get sent back to the House.
Just go back to sleep it's nothing to worry aboutWelcome to Cosco, I love you
The freedom act changes the date of the patriot act expiration. One of its little things that are not being talked about.
How long do ISPs store data2 years
That's honestly not so bad although not storing data at all would be preferred. I thought the NSA stored data indefinitely. 2 years is a lot better than indefinite storage.
https://mpc-hc.org/downloads/https://mpc-hc.org/changelog/
Last nights thread barely went anywhere. Let's try again.Heard some rumors about a big Oneplus announcement tomorrow. What is it? Price drop? New hardware? Some other bullshit accessory not worth the shipping price?Also looking for a stable 5.1.1 rom. Any suggestions? Not too sure about CM nightlies right now.Also any Zenfone 2 owners? Hows that shit treating ya? Any news on rom support? Hows battery life?
They're most likely announcing the oneplusone 2, oneplustwo, one plus one equals 2. Whatever the fuck the name of the second generation would be.
L.E.T.V ONE PRO BTFO OFF EVERYTHING ON THE MARKET :^
Moto E is cheap the phones you listed are good value for money but not "cheap"
Also looking for a stable 5.1.1 rom
Take your no 4G chink back to asia
just got a moto e 4g LTE literally zero complaints, I actually prefer this thing over the nexus 5never buying expensive samshits or iPussys againvalhalla
Sub 400 dollar phones i feel like are cheap. Flagship specs for non flagship price should qualify.
how is the battery life? I thought the screen ppi was shit and had a bit of ghosting when things were moving around, but is it not that bad?
Getting 9+ hours screen on time with just a ROM and an app!
how? i get maybe 6.
oh its not bad at all. I'm usually one of those dudes that basically wants to kill himself if I'm staring at anything worse than a retina display, but so far the screen hasn't been bad and its had the best battery life out of the past 4 or so phones I've had, easily. 10/10 would recommend.
I love my ZenFone2 but I am willing to make a blood sacrifice to the chaos gods just to extend the damn battery life past 5 hours
MI4 here. Got it a few weeks ago.Coming from a Lumia 920 everything is so much better. Especially battery life.
i have a oneplus one and i love the size. is it not too small for you?
You forgot to mention the HTC one m8. I'm sure there's going to be an android m update for or soon
is the m8 still being supported? i feel like that shit is ancient now.
kek'd
Does it have a removable battery and sd card?
 Youis the m8 still being supported? i feel like that shit is ancient now.Probably not. I was referring to custom ROMs because who prefers stock, anyway?
25R and greenifyI personally wish it were bigger, but I'm in the minority I'm sure, I'd like a phone about the size of the Nvidia shield
OnePlus is the name of the company.One is the name of their first phone.So it stands to reason that if they announce a new phone tomorrow it will likely be the OnePlus Two.
25R and greenifythe fuck is so special about 25r? only people i've ever seen vouch for 25r for this holy grail of battery life are the punjabs on the oneplus forums
yay or nay
redmi 2's fat ass bezel is ugly as fuck. no.
Zenfone 2 or Moto G?
zenfone 2 no question. moto g even second gen is way underpar spec wise compared.
cheap phone general and no mention of brand new unlocked lg g2s? shit can be had under $200 burgerbucks all day on many different carriers. has solid rom support, and even on aosp based roms like cm12 you're getting flagship performance and 5-6 hours of screen on time with no tweaks.
Switching to T-Mobile soon and I want a phone for at max $175, preferably closer to $100 or $150, or less if the phone is good enough.What's the best in this range?
what theme are you using on cm12?
moto G second gen. add 25 bucks to that budget and zenfone 2 is your choice.
No LTE?  And where can I get a ZenFone 2 for $200?
OP here. Oneplus One, i don't use a theme. Are there any good ones?http://www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/1134352-REG/asus_ze551ml_18_2g16gn_bk_zenfone_2_ze551ml_16gb.htmlforgot about the no lte.
Internet
Where's the hyphen in forty-eight?
I edited the zooper script to not show one. I like it just capitalized to distinguish the two numbers.
But it looks ugly.
2u
yeahwhogivesafuckabouttheestablishedrulesanymoreilljuststopusingpunctuationandspacingaswell
how can someone be this autistic with a clocks punctuation
What does /g/ think of BLU phones?They're less than $200, some look bretty good.
I've played with some at MicroCenter once and they're fucking god awful
How so?
Build is attrocious, and they were really slow. Like mind numbingly so. Maybe they've gotten better but I'd do a lot of homework before even considering one.
Did you uninstall/freeze all bloat?
I love the way the black vivo air looks. as for how they run i have no idea but:I would NEVER trust a display unit at any store. especially micro center. they always get fucked around with by customers a bit too much and a lot of bloat gets thrown on them running in the background and fucks performance out the ass. i do like reviews that show a lot of raw hands on though. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FrP0IifSiKg
phonearena
i don't care where it comes from so long as most of the video is them covering all bases and playing around with it in their hands.
buying anything but an iPhonePoorfag
Can someone post that graphic with /g/ approved apps or something like that.
How is the Xiaomi Redmi 2?Is it full Chinese botnet?Is there even a better phone in the 150 range?
yes/yes read the thread
Why won't my huawei ascend mate 7 set the default launcher to nova launcher? Am I going to be stuck with this?
Guys, I have a serious problem. I think it's time to upgrade my phone but it's the HD2 so it's kinda tough to find a worthy successor.What chipsets are the best supported by custom ROM devs Cyanogen, Paranoid, Replicant?
Go into nova launchers settings. there should actually be an option to set it there.
snapdragon chips seem to get the most support.it's usually a combination of snapdragon/krait/adreno.
snapdragon, and the phone is OPO since it has many custom ROMs
It doesn't work, it just goes back to the stock launcher.
go into your manage apps option, and go to the all tab. look for the exact app that your default launcher is and see if you can reset defaults on your stock launcher.
ah wait, i just looked it up, you have to set it some retard ass way. here's the proper steps it seems.http://forum.xda-developers.com/mate-7/help/nova-launcher-t2934952
How is the Xiaomi Redmi 2?It's just fine. Would suggest the 2GB variant, though, which -I think- still is closer to $180 than $150If you don't, the $100 Redmi 1S might be the better deal.Is it full Chinese botnet?No.Is there even a better phone in the 150 range?Depending on your needs, yes, but for many uses, it's a very good phone.
Thanks
, 
, 
, 
How hard is it to get a job at IBM? Is it possible without a meme paper? i.e. college degree
you need contacts and show great skill
well my friend in Scotland knows some guy in London who's worked for them for the past 20 years and is fairly high up the ladder, guy's fucking loaded according to him, London penthouse, etcAnd what kind of skill?
a friend of a friend will get me a job at IBMLet us know how that turns out for you.
lmao, yeah, I know anyway, is there anything I could go into there just doing like basic shit that a high school grad could do and work my way up?
Not only do they want the meme paper, they want a 3.0 GPA
work my way upNo such thing
Really? So how did that friend work his way up?
God damnit, just show them your FizzBuzz skills and you are in
Old Thread: What are you working on /g/?
Thank you for using an anime image!
Stop recycling images you lazy fuck.Also, linux, kernel, haskell.
how do I implement A* without graphing/restricted by this "api"http://www.jhuapl.edu/MESA/events/mesaday/2015/Robot_Controller_Guide_updated.pdfhttp://www.jhuapl.edu/MESA/events/mesaday/2015/Cyber_Robot.aspI can't even get past the first level now ;_;
Learning Idris
Just did Langton's ant in C out of boredom, it's neat I suppose
Good job.
thanksI don't know if you saw those pictures in these threads that some anons posted of the 'random walk' thing, with the grid and the alphabet, but I was doing that to begin with and it wasn't very interestingfeel like making a snake sort of game now though, not really sure what to do
Trying to understand NTCP and SSU is like having my brain smashed out with a lemon wrapped around a large gold brick. I think I will discuss them in brief in my presentation and paper, and try to focus on other, more important parts of the i2P protocol stack.
nice blog
the buffer in the terminal is always refreshing?are you using ncurses?
Anyone willing to start a group project?
'x is more pythonic'
what do you want to do?
The problem is, everyone on /dpt/ knows only certain languages.
Okay /dpt/Solve this maze using whatever pathfinding or maze recursion algorithm you want, you may edit the original image however you wish on the condition you do not edit the maze itself, or it's start or finish points.You may implement the solution in whatever language you wish, but the shortest solution wins.
nice poorly compressed maze you fucking idiot.
you should post something like this
Only if it's written in a /g/ approved language COnly if it's actually something useful, not gtorrent 2.0 or some shit nobody needsOnly if it's not tied only to Windows or something stupidOnly if the project has a proper leader who is committed to stopping stupid bikeshedding and resolving stupid arguments over minor shit
I have a few code projects I'd be willing to share. One is a numpy based neural net lib. Another is a bit-manipulation lib that is absolutely horrid. But it works.
are you an undergrad or just retarded
this is the real deal kiddo
here  you have a real maze
A true /g/ project would involve many languages
Should one use list comprehensions as a replacement for map, reduce etc. in Python?
oh its just a dense gray imageopen it in its own tabTHIS IS A FUCKING MAZE
Great idea! I'll make the logo.
I have a program that's very dependant on random numbers. Not anything cryptographically secure, it just uses a lot of random numbers. Currently, I'm just using the rand%x method in C, but calling a modulo every time seems very very slow. Is there ANY other way that I can generate random numbers in a non-hardware expensive way?
read from /dev/urandom if your program is for Unix.
This is the correct maze, I couldn't post the original one because connection kept timing out on me.
xor-shift is fast and has good randomness.don't use fucking rand%x, it fucks it up, like for example if you have a source of random numbers from 0 through 120, and you want numbers from 0 through 99, then with rand%x number 0 through 20 will be twice as likely as intended
I've found the following three functions to be useful in that regardunsigned int g_seed=0;void randSeedint seed{    if!seed g_seed=timeNULL;    else g_seed=seed;}int randIntint min, int max{    g_seed=214013*g_seed+2531011;    return min+g_seed ^ g_seed15%max-min+1;}float randFloatfloat min, float max{    g_seed=214013*g_seed+2531011;    return min+g_seed16*1.0f/65535.0f*max-min;}When I tested them against GCC rand it was much faster.
no, i'm just printing it out very very many timesusing nanosleep for a delay
#include stdint.h#define PHI 0x9e3779b9static uint32_t Q[4096], c = 362436;void init_randuint32_t x{    int i;    Q[0] = x;    Q[1] = x + PHI;    Q[2] = x + PHI + PHI;    for i = 3; i  4096; i++            Q[i] = Q[i - 3] ^ Q[i - 2] ^ PHI ^ i;}uint32_t rand_cmwcvoid{    uint64_t t, a = 18782LL;    static uint32_t i = 4095;    uint32_t x, r = 0xfffffffe;    i = i + 1 & 4095;    t = a * Q[i] + c;    c = t  32;    x = t + c;    if x  c {            x++;            c++;    }    return Q[i] = r - x;}Multiply-with-carry method.a method invented by George Marsaglia for generating sequences of random integers based on an initial set from two to many thousands of randomly chosen seed values.
gooby plshttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xorshift#Xorshift.2A
static uint32_t Q[4096]kek
Thank's goys.
what? its not wrong
all that memory just for a random function? There are plenty much more efficient methods
OH GOD NONOT A WHOLE 16KBSHIT, THIS WILL NEVER RUN ON MY APPLE II NOW
all that memory16KiB.Who gives a fuck?
I am making a program that randomly generates numbers until it generates the number 237,482,348.However, ever 5 random guesses, I interrupt and stop the program. Delete the source and rewrite the source from scratch. I rewrite the identical code every iteration. It doesn't take long, but it's tedious and gruelling work.It has to be done.

pahaha what the fuck
anyone that uses C should
Huge C noob.Why doesn't this compile?#include stdio.hint mainvoid{        int a;        printf"Enter in value: ";        scanf"%d", a;        printf"\nYou entered: %d", a;        return 0;}I also don't really understand the scanf and the %. How do you know what % is what? Can you set a % to an int like I did in this programIs that my problem or does that work?.
scanf"%d", a;scanf"%d", &a;
Too much indentation!
you have to put the address &scanf"%d", &a;
Why do you need the &a? I mean, I know that you need the a to set the % to the int but why the &?Sorry, doing it all in nano right now and I cba to space over 4 but I'd rather just tab over.
C only has "pass-by-value" parameters, so to pass a 'variable' to put a value into, you have to pass its address or a pointer to the variable.
understanding c pointers has never been so easy!its a great readpic related
Why am I getting a segmentation error?
you can edit nano to use 4 spaces per tab
this looks like something you'd see in that "bill on capitol hill" cartoon.
Post full code
Last quarter of undergrad, and I do kind of have a limited amount of time for my presentation, so it would probably be best to not spend a shitload of time going over the details of the protocols for communication between two i2p routers, when more attention could be focused on the tunnel layer and the network database.
C fag needs help with a "login system"#include stdio.hint main {   char username[100];   char password[100];   printf "Enter your username: " ;   scanf"%d", &username;   printf "\nEnter your password: " ;   scanf"%p", &password;   ifusername == "root" && password == "dongs"{     printf"Login successful";  }else{    printf"Try again";}return 0;}So in theoryof what I think should happen; ask for input for username and store into %d, ask for input for password, store into %p. check to see if username is equal to "root" and then check if password is equal to "dongs" and then if they're both equal to the right set value, printf login successful. but if not, try againwhich means even if they get any of it wrong, itll return try again. What happens when I compile this programno errors, it allows me to enter in the username. When I go to enter in the username it automatically prompts me to the else statement.With very little C++ programming knowledge, it could be because the program isn't being stopped inbetween the statements so it continues on until told sothe return 0; statement at the bottom of the program. BUT... it doesn't even allow me to enter in the password. So, in theory; it should allow me to enter in the username and password, return the value of login successful and then carry on the programif this is the case of me not stopping the program to print the else statement message.If this is a simple fix, I am sorry; ignore my autism.
You cannot use == to compare strings in C, because they are considered pointers and the operation is comparing their addresses only, so it is always false. Look up strcmp.
scanf"%d", &username;%d are for reading into ints, not strings. Use %s for that. Same for the %p.username == "root"You can't compare strings like that in C. Use strcmp
you fucking nigger .with strings you dont put the address &and its %s not %d , you aren't working with numbersand also,use strcmp to compare strings!!#include stdio.hint main {   char username[100];   char password[100];   printf "Enter your username: " ;   scanf"%s", username;   printf "\nEnter your password: " ;   scanf"%s", password;    if strcmpusername,"root" == 0 && strcmppassword,"dongs" == 0        printf"Login successful";    else        printf"Try again";    return 0;}
an array's name is a pointer to it's first valueusescanf"%s", username;etc
for starters, you're using "%d", which tells scanf to   look for an integer. Your username is a string, so use "%s" instead. Secondly,  you can't compare strings with the == operator. You need to use strcmpstr1, str2.
%d%pPlease read up http://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/io/c/fscanf.You need to use []. This is okay if this was a school project of sorts. If this was a real implementation, please do not use scanf. Parse it as a string using fgets and then do whatever with the string. Security issues are caused by shit like this.
What is the width of this maze? I'll generate a larger one as a text file right now.
If I was a pointer, what would you point me to?
nil
It's mostly based off the sample code for implementing a Bitmap Cache but is it shit? Is it okay? Would anyone use?https://github.com/bitcores/BitmapAdapter
--A programmer is told to "go to hell", he finds the worst part of that statement is the "go to"
Malloc block
0c0c0c0c
Whoops, posted in the wrong thread, here we go:What is the shittiest software design pattern?I'd like to throw in a vote for MVC.
Le goto/break/continue hate maymayGood one
Any Seattle area programmers here?
No one actually hates break or continueusing goto to go backwards isn't good, forwards is alright
No one actually hates break or continueI've seen a few Pythonfags complain about it before.
Generating a much larger one now, will post one it's finished.I assume that the width of the maze is 5769. This one will be 13121. I will see about making it larger.
I'm a bit north of Seattle...
pyfon users r stopid.
get me a job anon pls
Me again.Some anon suggested I try material design instead of flat. Here's my attempt at material design.What do you all think? What should I change?
i have a software engineering internship starting next week, and i'd like to do good enough to have them keep me onboard im sure that's no problem, though, peeking at my competition.We'll be using c++. I'm very familiar with c but not c++. Should I be concerned and read up?
oops captured my right monitor by mistake. Ignore that.
alexander do whatever the fuck you want
I forgot what this does in Java.public class Item {    public static final Item SPECIAL_ITEM = new Item{        public void doSpecialStuff{            // special stuff        }    };}I was trying to use this thinking that it made a method that was exclusively available for the SPECIAL_ITEM object, but that doesn't seem to be the case. Could someone enlighten me or at least tell me what to Google?
I have a git repo setup and am willing to share a simple base for /g/'s projects. I have about 1TB for storage as of now and looking to upgrade. I will not make any attempt to call your code my own and plan to create an agreement system saying and guaranteeing such. This will be of no cost to you. I'm hoping to get a daily/general going for group projects as to clean up the dpt a little. would anyone be interested?There is one caveat. as of right now I don't have a static-ip and need help setting up port forwarding on an old Q100 modem. So this is all for moot if I don't fix that.
Thanks.
C is a very small language, so any experienced programmer willing to put enough effort and time should be able to become proficient in it in 3 months in my opinion this includes creating some medium to large projects using the language, or at least studying some created by experienced C programmers.C++ is a whole different story, though, given its size and complexity of features. I am not that experienced with the language, but I would guess you would need at least one year working with it to say you have a decent grasp of the language, and 3+ years to say you have mastered it.
The 'Stabilis' looks awkward there, the floating sidebar squares look slightly awkward
Pacifc Northwest really breeds the most dangerous types.They should make a programming language that speaks to that mindset. Call it fogslut, or something.
joke's on me
Hmm any suggestion on how to fix them? The Stabilis I could maybe change its location or font. Maybe changing the color would help. The icons I have no idea how to make look better.
HnnnnngI dun it
mine
Wrote a python script to check for open ftps from this list http://pastebin.com/rtzZcnVV
Ignore this. My code a fucking shit and I'm a faggot. Stay tuned.
so you wrote a for loop? nice
Thanks! It took me most of the day.Who said we could only post advanced stuff?
I'm learning C++How's this?Input base price, inflation rate, and years and then it returns a cost.#include iostreamusing namespace std;int main{    double dCost;    double dInflation_rate;    double dYears;        double dPrice;        char cAnswer;        whiletrue    {        cout  "How much is a batch 200 of pencils?  ";        cin  dCost;        cout  "Cool; $"  dCost  ".\n\n";                cout  "Is this correct? y/n  ";        cin  cAnswer;                ifcAnswer == 'y'        {            cout  "\nIs that so? If that's the case, I shall continue.\n\n";            break;        }        else        {            cout  "\nI see.\n\n";            continue;        }    }        whiletrue    {        cout  "What is the inflation rate? ex. 5.6 for 5.6%  ";        cin  dInflation_rate;        cout  "Cool; "  dInflation_rate  "%.\n\n";        dInflation_rate /= 100;                cout  "Is this correct? y/n  ";        cin  cAnswer;                ifcAnswer == 'y'        {            cout  "\nIs that so? If that's the case, I shall continue.\n\n";            break;        }        else        {            cout  "\nI see.\n\n";            continue;        }    }        whiletrue    {        cout  "For how many years down the road do you want to predict?  ";        cin  dYears;        cout  "Cool; "  dYears  " years.\n\n";                cout  "Is this correct? y/n  ";        cin  cAnswer;                ifcAnswer == 'y'        {            cout  "\nIs that so? If that's the case, I shall continue.\n\n";            break;        }        else        {            cout  "\nI see.\n\n";            continue;        }    }        dPrice =   dCost +  dCost - 1 * dInflation_rate   * dYears;        cout  "The estimated cost "  dYears  " years into the future is $"  dPrice  endl;        return 0;}
0% CPU time? try replacing the white with another color from the top left corner
no one here actually knows anything about java
bruh im not mocking anyonestay cool ;
I wrote a function in C, but it's not working. Can someone tell me why?void makeSnafucated{    ;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;    /*make snafucated*/}
#import maze#import solvemaze.solve
You don't need those continues at the ends of the loops.
--knock knockrace condition who's there?
semicolons with no statements?
Oh you're right
muh data structuresmuh algorithms
Because it doesn't do anything.
muh unemployment
sounds like an XY problem. you're making an anonymous class but it's not what you're looking for
Trying to learn Haskel.Is there any fucking way to convert a Fractional to a RealFrac? What I'm trying to do, essentially is:divisorsOf :: Int - [Int]divisorsOf x = [y | y - [1,2..ceiling x/2], x `mod` y == 0]So all I want to do is "round x/2 upwards", but I can't fucking figure out how to do it. It seems like a really fucking simple conversion.I bet there's some good reason for it being impossible, but right now I'm just mad.
READ THIS  https://wiki.haskell.org/Converting_numbers
Did you know, you can quickly solve mazes by using MS Paint!still hasn't finished. is there anything on this topic besides normiefag memes, like serious articles about the time complexity or something?
do you mean fucking schoolhouse rock
Okay, I dun it for real this time. But the image is too big to post, so I'll do it in 2 goes.1/2
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flood_fillfound this on page 3 of google results
2/2Is that the best you've got? Bring it, mazefag!
My school wasn't some fucking public daycare that showed videos and films to students all the damn time
I read that.I have no fucking idea what to do, still. Now, x/2 has a type of Fractional according to GHCI, right? So what I want to fucking do, because there's nothing on that page with a type signature of  Fractional - Integer 
Naive Hungarian typing that is, starting your variable name with a character indicating its type is a real bad choice. Just give your variables good names.Proper Hungarian typing is legitimately useful though, it's for annotating the kind of data where the type system doesn't necessarily have your back. Like if I had strings for directory names, I'd probably make the variables something like dir_porn and dir_hentai, since they'll both be strings but I want it to be descriptive of what these strings represent.
what about this?http://stackoverflow.com/questions/14656762/no-instance-for-fractional-int-arising-from-a-use-of
These are beautiful.How do you write a maze solving program?
if only i were exposed to this type of stuff when i was a kid
They're trying to solve a maze using flood fillNot realising it'll just fill in the whole mazeKeksimus Maximus
Div. Ok, cool, thanks.
joke's on mejoke
He's probably using A*.
Pain and suffering.Step 1: Load the entire maze from an imageStep 2 optional: Turn it into a graphStep 3: Hit it with a shortest-path algorithmStep 4: Write it back out againFWIW I used djikstra because I think it works just as well maybe faster for this particular problem.Should I post code or do you guys want to try it yourselves?
Might as well try it ourselves, I guess.What lang did you write it in?
upon opening the image and looking with my human eyesno, you didn't
If I give you a text-file maze, can you solve and make an image with it?
singleton
looks like ramen for dinner, guys...
Depends what you mean by text-file.The answer is probably yes, but it'd be a pain to write *more* parsing code,.
An array of '#' and ' ' characters representing a maze.
Guy learning Haskell again. import Data.ListdivisorsOf :: Integer - [Integer]divisorsOf x = [y | y - [1,2 .. x `div` 2],  x `mod` y == 0]isPrime :: Integer - BoolisPrime x = null [y | y - divisorsOf x, y /= 1]myPrimes :: [Integer]myPrimes = [x | x - [1,2..], isPrime x == True]primeDivisors :: Integer - [Integer]primeDivisors x = intersect divisorsOf x myPrimesprimeDivisors is looping infinitely. I think that's because the intersect function just keeps walking the list forever.Is there a standard intersect function that is optimized for sorted lists? That is, a function with signature of:smartIntersect :: Ord a = [a] - [a] - [a]smartIntersect a b That stops after the member of `a` it's checking for is smaller than a given member of `b`. I'm going to try one myself, but I just wanted to know.
You repeat yourself a lot in the code.You can cut down on repetition by finding common areas to refactor out. As an example:#include iostreamusing namespace std;double user_inputstring query {  char answer;  double result;  whiletrue {    cout  query;    cin  result;    cout  "Cool; "  result  ".\n\n";        cout  "Is this correct? y/n  ";    cin  answer;        ifanswer == 'y' {        cout  "\nIs that so? If that's the case, I shall continue.\n\n";        break;    } else {        cout  "\nI see.\n\n";    }  }  return result;}int main {    double cost = user_input"How much is a batch 200 of pencils?  ";    double inflation_rate = user_input"What is the inflation rate? ex. 5.6 for 5.6%  " / 100.;    double years = user_input"For how many years down the road do you want to predict?  ";    double price = cost + cost - 1 * inflation_rate * years;    cout  "The estimated cost for 200 pencils "  years  " years into the future is $"  price  endl;        return 0;}
Almost certainly. I'd just have to refactor things a bit to get it into the format I want, but I see no problems with this.
I hope you're ready
forgot imageHopefully it doesn't crash when writing to the file this time, I made it a little smaller.
jaysus above have mercy on me soul that's a whippy whopper of a memory slopper!
Fuck me. I'm working with 4GB ram and my main HDD is a 16GB USB stick.This could get messy *rolls up sleeves*.
Meanwhile, here's what *should* be filled based on the distance to the entrance red is closest but I honestly have no clue why it looks like this.
Specifically, distance / 6000 to make it fit in [0,255]. Was I overzealous?
I tried to make a spiced up version but it didn't do anything interesting.
couldn't kill mspaint process, had to restart my computerbabysitting a computer for 15+ minutes to cleanly shut down gjewgle chrome, eclipse and vuze on a pc with no SSD and with mspaint taking up 100% of one of two CPU cores
Using MS paintEverThere's your problem, anon
tfw you take a shit, get poop on your fingers on accident then touch your keyboard and get shit on your keyboard
This is why you need a UNIX.Kill -9 would have fucked that process up. Try to use a logarithmic scale. You'll get much better results.
what the fuck man, cover your fingers with paper when wiping and wash your hands afterwards. enjoy your pinkeye and turd smell

Perhaps not helpful, but you can just walk around the infinite intersect issue by taking the amount of primes you'll need first.primeDivisors :: Integer - [Integer]primeDivisors x =   let    divs = divisorsOf x    primes = takeWhile = maximum divs myPrimes  in    intersect divs primes
FUCK.abort got called again for some reason, this wasn't a problem with the smaller mazesHere's a much smaller one, about 1/36th of the size and it is generated in 15 seconds.http://a.pomf.se/dmjvlj.txtDoes anyone know why this function is causing a call to .abort with very large outputs?    friend std::ostream& operatorstd::ostream& os, Maze maze    {        for size_t i = 0; i  maze.getWidth; ++i        {            for size_t j = 0; j  maze.getHeight; ++j            {                if mazei, j == WALL || mazei, j == BOUNDARY                    os  "#";                else                    os  " ";            }            os.flush;            os  "\n";        }        return os;    }
Underrated. I heh'd.
how would one send the argv and argc parameters to lua?
Better or worse?
Correct me if I'm wrong, but this maze doesn't seem to have any way in...I'm just going to delete the top-left and bottom right and hope for the best.
It should, on the left and right side somewhere. The smaller versions do, at least.
Better! Maybe bold the 'Stabilis' and make the  white as well.
muh multicoremuh scaleabilityFull solution: http://a.pomf.se/suuywk.png
good job bruv
lol theres a poop mark lodged between my e and r keycan't get it out oh welldoesnt smell that bad tho
samefig
 Younopesamefig
Here's a 9-times larger one.Entrance is on line 3870, left side.Exit is on line 3958, right side.http://a.pomf.se/motowl.txt
Dude, I get my bachelor's in like... a couple of weeks, and I'm not going immediately into the workforce. I'm going onto my master's next year and doing some research into cybersecurity and kernel development.I have no jobs with which to give.We already have a language for those who like to live dangerously; we call it C.
how do i populate a 3x3 grid with x's and o's while alternating the x's and o's? first x picks a random square then o picks a remaining square, etc etc until the grid is full?this it totally mind fucking me :/
Use a binary search tree in C++, std::set and fill it with all possible positions, popping them out of the set as they're selected.
Actually, that solution is really general. For your purposes, just iterate through the fucking grid flipping a boolean.
Thank you for using an anime image.
You know... just about an hour ago, I had a very similar experience. I tried opening  in paint and hitting it with a paint bucket to see how long it would take to fill out the path. It locked up, so I tried sending it taskkill /f, but while the terminal reported that it had sent it the kill signal, the window remained. I did a quick google search, and apparently, Windows cannot kill a hung process. is right. Unix isn't a bitch when it comes to telling processes to shut the fuck up. SIGKILL is really supposed to mean "no, shut the fuck up. I don't want you running any signal handlers, just die right now. You get not one more clock cycle."https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IuGjtlsKo4s
Alright, how's this?I moved the buttons up a bit too. The left tray will slide in and outI still can't decide if I should stick with material or switch back to flat like I was doing. 
muh coding musichttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eeWjzBHUdsI
Array for the tiles, [nw, n, ne, w, c, e, se, s, sw]X randomly picks a tileCheck to see if it's taken, if so pick againO randomly picks a tileEct
Le le le Lenux Chix xDDDhttp://www.linuxchix.org/content/courses/kernel_hacking/lesson0Step 4:Hopefully, most people installed their Linux box with gcc and other compilation tools included. You can test to see if you have a compilation environment installed by copying the following into a file named hello.c:If this doesn't work, you will need to install a compilation environment. Usually the easiest way to do this is to just re-install your machine.
make the top bar go all the way across like in the flat yes
jesus fuck how retarded is thatgcc --version
The problem with that is then I won't be able to make the side bar slide without doing some crazy work arounds with Qt animations.  Otherwise, I'd have the bar constantly sticking out which would look hideous. Also, I need to do something about those buttons. They seem... off
find some other program and emulate ityour design doesn't look standard at all
I suck at log scales
I did a quick google search, and apparently, Windows cannot kill a hung process.Use something like terminate or whatever the fuck it's called. It's got some rather dastardly methods for killing processes on Windows.
your design doesn't look standard at allBlah that's what I was afraid of. I'm not a designer I'm an engineer, they're making me do this because no one else will. I wanted to make something trendy looking so it'd appease our investors and customers though rather than making generic engineer-tier software
Why not just remove taken spots from the array?
The user doesn't even have control of the processes running on the systemYou can't even tell the kernel to fuck that processes shit upWhy do people use that garbage?
1/2
Haha, holy shit that looks like a bad maze design. What exactly does the red area represent?Since this was made using Prim's algorithm, it is supposed to be easy to get to the maze's origin and difficult to get to the maze's exit.Try the larger one! 
2/2These mazes seem pretty linear, somehow.The colours are supposed to be red-yellow being distance from the entrance, but the scale is all fucked up and the default is INFINITY
Note to self - Attach picture
Ah, you know what it is? I pick the start and finish to be the first paths hitting either boundary.
You can kill them, but it's more indirect. You sort of have to trick Windows into doing it.
Make an array of the addresses of each grid cellShuffle that arrayThen for each do a standard alternating x and o fill#include stdio.h#include stdlib.h#include time.h#define N 3void grid_printchar grid[N][N] {  for int i = 0; i  N; i++ {    for int j = 0; j  N; j++ {      printf"%c ", grid[i][j];    }    printf"\n";  }}int mainint argc, char *argv[argc] {  srandtimeNULL;  char marks[2] = {'o', 'x'};  char n = sizeofmarks / sizeofmarks[0];  char grid[N][N] = {{' '}}; {    int k = 0;    for int i = 0; i  N; i++ {      for int j = 0; j  N; j++ {        grid[i][j] = marks[k++ % n];      }    }  }  printf"Normal pattern:\n";  grid_printgrid;  printf"\n";  char *addrs[N * N];  for int i = 0; i  N * N; i++ {    addrs[i] = char*grid + i;  }  for int i = N * N - 1; i  0; i-- {    int j = rand % i;    char *tmp = addrs[j];    addrs[j] = addrs[i];    addrs[i] = tmp;  }  for int j = 0, i = 0; i  N * N; i++ {    *addrs[i] = marks[j++ % n];  }  printf"Randomized pattern:\n";  grid_printgrid;  return 0;}
So I'm just starting some work in Javawhile cont {            System.out.println"Enter an application question: ";            question = scanner.nextLine; //read in next line            new_que = new Questionquestion; //create question object with question string             q_node = new QNodenew_que; //create QNode object with question object            insertq_node; //Insert QNode into the list            System.out.print"Enter another question? y/n: "; //Prompt for another question            response = scanner.next.charAt0; //Read in next char            response = Character.toUpperCaseresponse; //capitalize            if response == 'Y' {                cont = true;            }            else if response == 'N' {                cont = false;            }        }After I read in the 'response' character and capitalize, how do I ignore the newline in the buffer?In this loop after the first iteration it just goes straight to reading in the newline character and skips the next question input.
You can still make something look good, just check out some of google's software and make it similar in appearance
Here, I'm uploading what hopefully turns out to be a more fun one.
http://a.pomf.se/dglbzl.txtEntrance line 2,exit line 6000.Last one!
thanks for the help everyone but i forgot to mention im doing this in c# and i have to use a 2d int array and populate it with a 1 and 0 alternating until it's fulli have the 2d array made but how do i check if the array i full while i'm filling it up?
Leave.Practice a bunch of basic projects.Then you may return.
You count how many cells you have already filled, divide that by two and substract them to the inverse square rootbecause the array is a square of the array's size.It's always a pleasure to help anons with their programming homeworks.
implying inputting numbers into a 2D array isn't basic
Best book for learning Qt?
Could try changing the next to another nextLine.
*fanfare*
It's basic, but it's beyond putter numbers in a normal array, or using a for loop. He needs to practice *simple* stuff like that.
What? How did I imply that? I asked him to leave until he has a grasp of the basics, which he clearly doesn't.Documentation. Qt isn't a language.
Still looks pretty linear, sadly.
Documentation. Qt isn't a language.I've seen quite a few books for Qt, figured actually reading one would be the better option. I guess I'll look at the docs.
Aw, but it makes sense that it's not going to turn a whole lot. At least it's not as bad as before. Would you say that a linear path makes for an easier maze, though?
For those of you who care, here's the maze-solver code: http://pastebin.com/7YNrASnTCriticise awayinb4 code is unreadableI was aiming for speed rather than clarity, to be fair.Easier mazeHonestly, I don't have a clue. I just set this baby running and away she goes. It's certainly faster than the first maze with all the wiggling, though. Thanks for giving me a challenge, at least!
Would you say that a linear path makes for an easier maze, though?If the pathfinding is greedy-first it will make for a quicker solve time since it doesn't have to search as far left or right, yes.
How fucking long did it take all of you to learn all of this? How much studying?
I've been self-teaching for 6 months total not consecutive, 2 of the months were last year, nearly all of my free time is spent studying or working on projects
Not long, it really feels like I wasted a lot of time in high school when coding is so easy to learn.
Do you have any uni education? What are you using to teach yourself?I was considering codeacademy.
I don't know what to do.  I've been working on A* but it's kinda a natural stopping point and I want something new.
Codeacademy is shit but I guess it's something to start with. Get a textbook and do every project in it.
Oh, and if I'm going to be using codeacademy, where should I start? With java or something? And should I be using a notebook to take notes and shit?
I start college this fall don't worry, not underage b&, just young.I recommend to avoid websites at all costs. Textbooks are the best way to do it, just read it straight through and do all of the exercises, and some projects along the way. My first book was pic related.
How come websites aren't recommended?
Eh, I wouldn't say to avoid websites at all costs. Some opencourseware is pretty good. Codeacademy I agree isn't that great. They never really 'take your training wheels off' so to speak.
They teach the bare minimum. You get no deep understanding, it's difficult to actually come up with a project on your own and write thousands of lines all on your own, because the entire thing holds your hand. It'll have things like "Type this -- it does this! Moving on..."What you really need is understanding: why does this do that? How? How can something else do that, or how can I do it differently? Stuff like that. You have to know how to program, not remember a certain string of words that worked before.When I first started learning, I used http://learn-c.org/ and I retained nothing. It was teaching what are actually complex topics very quickly and not explaining them.This anon brings up a good point, when I said avoiding websites, I meant specifically ones that are like 'tutorials' moreso than classes. Watching actual video lectures with serious a syllabus is good, too. You'll probably want the accompanying textbook, though.
Making card games in C and gonna use sockets so people can connect and play.
I know that feeling man. Just finished a project too and I'm lost, no ideas. It's been a week, just nothing. Maybe I'll try what you did A*, even though it's a little challenging for my level
Not quite, but similar.I've always wanted to do something with networking in C, but it's always seemed intimidating. Good luck anon!
Hey, thanks man. I've been wanting to do it for a while now. Maybe one day I'll set up a box and let the internet try 'em out.
eudyptula-challenge.org/
Berkeley sockets are REALLY simple. Just do it, anon. I believe in you.First thing you should do:Write a "HTTP" server that just responds "HTTP 200 OK" to every request.Work from there.
Kernel shitAlways wanted to get into this, thanks for the link.I'll look into that now actually, thanks! Man I'm excited
emailwhy
It's not too bad.  I found a website that gave pseudo code for it and basically transcribed it to it's nearest C approximation.Maybe I should find an FOSS project to start contributing to.
Wanted to make a music player for my Lumia.JUST FUCK MT SHIT UP ALREADY
That's a great idea, you go anon.
any c# guru's in here? how would i create an array of labels and print it out in the form like this:label1 label2 label3label4 label5 label6i'm assuming first i create the label with a for loop and then position it somehow? im new to c#
 All communication goes through email, just like the Linux kernel is developed.
In the console, or graphically?
needing a guru for thisHey, you. Yes, you here:.This guy is an example of why you need to avoid shitty online websites and just do all of the projects in a textbook: so you don't post questions asking about stupid, simple stuff that isn't even specific to the language.
it's a windows form application, so graphically.
Add a FlowLayoutPanel to your form, and then do something likeforeachlabel l in labelCollection{    flowPanel.addl;}etc.The panel will automatically deal with positioning.
dear teacher,please send me exercise 1thanks,studentdear student,heredear teacherhere is my answer for 1thanks,studentdear studentit workshere's 2etcTHey're just infatuated with kernel development. It's not like people that use that site are actually work on a time on one big project. They're doing problems/exercises.
What language is most fun to write in?
 aka Fish
Javascript
Ok, so, after trying to get through some tutorials, I have concluded that typing a code and then figuring out why this accesses that and commenting my copy-typed code with questions and notes is far better.Now I have two questions:How do I use github as a retard linux user?If I post my github, do I get feedback and some answers even if I code in Java?
uses codecademy anywaywhy
No?I have found some sites with source code in Java, downloaded them, imported them into the IDE and investigate the relation and concept of why  like this and why not like that.It uses the Model View Controller Concept, and I want to get into it, because it seems to be very useful and I learn an OOP language.I think you might have either misread something, or have responded to the wrong person.
Maybe if I throw enough buzzwords out there they'll think I know what I'm talking about
I think I have just worked out what I am going to code today.
please read a book, or you're wasting your time and will get nowheretyping a codekek'd
You're probably talking to some Indian or Middle Eastern dude."Typing a code" was how my Iranian teacher FEA teacher would speak.
Go read K&RDon't ever consult the internet, or copy paste, except maybe to get "hello world" compiling. Just you and the book.
I am doing a CS assignment, C++ network sockets.Does anybody have some like mnemonics or shit for remembering the fucking sprawl of structs, macros and functions for this?it's taken me days to slowly understand as much as I have but I'm constantly CONSTANTLY referring back to the man pages for absolutely every step.
If you don't get tips on mnemonics, it might help to print your own help docs structured as you like that you can refer to. Would be worth it imo
Either that or someone really uneducated with this stuff, and I mean less than people that watch crime shows. Use of the word "code" is only okay if the only replacement is "source "codingdo you code?jesus fuck I hate that so muchI can't help you but that's interesting anon, I'm just now starting to learn about sockets in C as per Don't really have a good resource yet though, just reading good ol' Wikipedia. I should really get back to C++, but C is so comfy.
Wow. Was supposed to be "source \[code\]", like 'code' is optional. Damn it."Source" is a little annoying too. Maybe I'm autistic.
I should mention that I've been using this more than the man pages, http://www.retran.com/beej/index.htmlGreat resource, but the information just doesn't seem to stick in my mindThat's a good idea, might do that
You are. Code is shorter than program or develop and simply bounces of the tongue easier.
Those traits of the word really don't contribute to it's acceptance in the slightestCompare "nignog" and "President", then see what the US congress says more often, and why."Code" just makes you sound uneducated.
I'm working on a lua file that currently just outputs text to the terminal and gets user input and prints more etc. etc. But I was wondering if there was any way I could get it all to print to a window and accept user input from said window. I mean I know I could use a framework but can I do this without one.
nice aliasing, faggot.
If gcc isn't setup then probably a lot is messes up I guess is what he means, or he's an idiot because you can just do "install gcc", etc. with your package manager
You can use Yad if you are on GNU/Linux
learn how to fucking post on 4chan please
did you not see my follow up post, sperg?
Sweet, thanks man
This website triggers my autism so bad that it hurts
You are autistic.  Non-native English speakers learn differently and you can understand what their native language is from their grammar constructs."Do you code?" is a perfectly valid question.  Get off your sperg steed.
Grammatical correctness isn't my concern, friend. If the guy's foreign then it's understandable, obviously.
Spergistic autistical autismo autist aspie detected
I know this question has probably been asked here before, but I figured I would post it in one of these threads instead of making a whole 'nother thread for it.I recently finished up a programming class in Java this past semester, and figured out I love programming. I unfortunately started off with Java and want to know if I should back track, or what language would be the next best for me to learn during my time off from school over the summer. Sources/Websites that would help would also be greatly appreciated if there are any!
Learn C
Making a silly platformer in Canvas. Its alright, even though I am sure I will never be able to code a game that sells more than 2 copies.
using javascript?
Yeah. I'll look into node.js for the server as well, right now I hosted it on XAMPP.
favourite programming paradigm /dpt/?
Object oriented programming, even though in practice I an often forced to go for functions in order to get things done in a small time frame.
i tried nodejs once and was confused as fuarknot for beginners definitely
i just need to do some X before i start codingill just set this up before i do Xone hour later
a mix of opp and procedural. as in, I use objects for storing data and entities and doing simple operations on them, but the program flow is mostly procedural, without some FuckingManagers or GameControllers or other shit.
i tried nodejs once and was confused as fuarkwell thats because you have suffer from severe autistical autismoness spergy spergistal disorder
OOP for stateful operations and functional for everything else.
Are you trying to tell him he is autistic or that he has to be autistic to use nodejs?I cant tell, because your post is too autistically written.
muh autistical like intentionsmuh aspergistical fantasiesmuh autismo social skillsmuh spergy McSperg programming skills
How? If you know Javascript, then you should be already familiar with the language specifics. There is not much node.js brings apart from a module loader and some extra functions.
nice b8 m8 i r8 8/8idk anything about server side scripting or any back end shit so when i tried it i was lost.i'm decent with javascript
Holy fuck can someone help me with 3d Sphere collisions it just doesn't seem to fucking work no matter what.Here's the formula I'm using, my code looks exactly like that too ffs. http://abelmoodle.abel.yorku.ca/moodle/pluginfile.php/314646/mod_resource/content/0/Collision%20Detecting%20and%20Handling%20of%20Spheres.pdfIf you know anything about collision can you help?
learn2calculus/physics
https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/std/net/struct.TcpStream.html#method.set_nodelayUnstable: remaining functions have not been scrutinized enough to be stabilizedRemind me again why Rust is at 1.0?
First of all, I can't access that site without a login.Second of all, collision detection between two spheres is extremely simple. Calculate the distance between the centers of both spheres. Then add the lengths of the radii of both spheres together. If the sum of the lengths is greater than or equal to the distance, you have a collision.Really, it's the same as with 2 dimensions.
calculus/physicsBut that's a linear algebra problem
gen is pretty cute for LINQ like shit in Gopackage mainimport     "fmt"// +gen slice:"Where,Select[string],SortBy"type Meme struct {    Name string}func main {    memes := MemeSlice{        {"Pepe"},        {"Feelsguy"},        {"Shitmemes"},        {"AnimeOP"},    }    reddit := funcp Meme bool {        return p.Name == "Feelsguy" || p.Name == "Pepe"    }    alphabet := funca, b Meme bool {        return a.Name[0]  b.Name[0]    }    str := funcp Meme string {        return p.Name    }    fmt.Printlnmemes.Wherereddit.SortByalphabet.SelectStringstr    fmt.Printlnmemes.        SortByfunca, b Meme bool { return a.Name[0]  b.Name[0] }.        SelectStringfuncp Meme string { return p.Name }}
anyone got any code that's sexily optimized?shit gets me off for some reason
Gohttp://qr.ae/drvVShttp://qr.ae/drvm8http://yager.io/programming/go.htmlhttp://nomad.so/2015/03/why-gos-design-is-a-disservice-to-intelligent-programmers/http://java.dzone.com/news/i-don%E2%80%99t-much-get-gohttp://dtrace.org/blogs/wesolows/2014/12/29/golang-is-trash/http://www.lessonsoffailure.com/software/google-go-not-getting-us-anywhere/http://www.lessonsoffailure.com/software/googles-go-not-getting-us-anywhere-part-2/http://www.lessonsoffailure.com/software/google-go-good-for-nothing/https://gist.github.com/kachayev/21e7fe149bc5ae0bd878
thank you for your blog, subscribed!
My chat app now supports channels
why does your chat app look like google?
I think what does it is the blue I use. But nothing wrong with Googles design language imo.
So I'm reading an anime on bota.to and I had a thought, how hard would it be to make a bookmark that remembers it's history.  So if I book park on page 15, then open the bookmark, read up to page 24, and close the tab, the next time I opened it it would go to page 24?
Total js noob hereThere are on_close and on_load_complete callbacks and html5 added local storage. Combine those and you have basic sessions.
parameter a to scanf needs to be a pointer.scanf"%d",&a;Have you done pointers yet?
that feeling when sample code you want to reference has been taken downAnd it is all Google's fault.
Understanding C pointers where never hard.
Nice buffer overflow.
strcmpNot strncmpIt's like you guys enjoy your buffer overflows.
0.
Not being able to guarantee a null terminator being presentEnjoy wasting your time calculation the strings length when you don't need it.
exit
but scanf"%s",username is fine
tfw no pointer points to mewhy do I even live
/g/ im having serious trouble with my c# assignment. I need to make a tic tac toe simulator using a 2d array of ints. I have no problem populating the 2d array of 1's and 0's which represent X and O, but sometimes I'll get too many X's or O's which makes the simulator unrealistic, and im also confused on how to transfer that data to show as an X or O in the labelsthe form looks likelabel1 label2 label3label4 label5 label6label7 label8 label9What would be the easiest route to accomplish this?
and then your null terminator exceeds your buffers length.
I C what you did here
The garbage collector will be coming for you soon, my friend.
He can't even handle his inputs and null terminators properlyWe aren't all retarded like you, you know.
var you: ^coolguy;
He can't even handle his inputs and null terminators properlyI can, it's called using safe functions like strncmp and fgets.
Right, fgets and string literals are guaranteed to have a null terminator at the end of the buffer. Why the fuck would I waste time calculating the string's length when I can just strcmp?
NEW THREAD AT NEW THREAD AT 
What would be the easiest route to accomplish this?Pay attention in class
Your probably right, i seem to be confusing strncmp with strncpy.My mistake.
Did conway's game of life in F#, I feel there are far better ways to do this. http://pastebin.com/qAYA0JEe
Dane plz
That's interesting!
That makes an excelent texture, reminds me of diffusion limited aggregation
, 
, 
http://www.apple.com/mac/compare/results/?product1=macbook&product2=macbook-pro-retina-13These two fellas cost the same, but the specs are very different. Is the core-m any good in comparison to i5 or i7, or is it just that it's silent?I can't decide which to go for, as I am not sure what would be best for me. I don't care about design. I make music and I am all about performance.
read the sticky
, 
Is it possible to use SSO between/among sites on different domains only using cookies and sessions?Discuss. Pic unrelated.
I fucking hate the sight of that manfaced wench. Thanks /brit/
ywn be beautifuljust die in my sleep already
Alonsobeautifullol
faggot.
pretty sure browsers would prevent it considering cookies are tied to domains and one domain shouldnt be able to read anothers cookie right?
atleastwehavemorepointsthanmanor.png

Alonso is pretty good looking, very masculine.
he only fucks up if Ferrari get a WDC/WCC before McHonda

lel
Is this the F1 Mclelren Hondshit thread?Honda a shitMcLelren a shitAlonso's and Button's career are ending in shit.
S4 finally gets updated to Lollipop yesterdayCrashed 4 times in the past 24 hoursKitKat maybe crashed once the entire time I had itBased fucking Android. Thank you so much.
Finally got lolipop update on my moto /g/ 4 days agobattery life doubled, feels more responsiveBased fucking Android. Thank you so much.buying samsungYou deserve it
nexus 5 got lollipop like 6 months agodidn't have any problems evergot 5.1.1 by nowBased fucking android. Thank you so much.
install lollishit on nexus 7 2012 modelbecomes slow as shit, lags everywhereBased fucking Android. Thank you so much.
Samsung Galaxy s4 i9500installed 5.0.1 like 2 weeks agonot a single crash sincesystem overall snappier but no perceptible difference in battery life
Factory reset nigga
updated to lollipop you asked for this shouldve installed a custom rom and his from the over the air updates
galaxy note 4 SM-910Fupgrade to lollipoplots of improvements but battery life gone to shitnext day I get a notification new update availableupdate, still on 5.0.1battery life doublesBased Samsung and Google
Fellow owners of these kinds of stacked fin heatsinks, share your sad stories and regrets.How many times have you cut yourself on the edges?Who thought wedging rubber stoppers between the fins was a good way to mount the fan?How bad was the dust buildup the last time you cleaned?Today I took mine apart to clean, thick cake of dust between the fan and the fins, layers of dust between the fins, dust around the pipes. It was horrifying. After I reinstalled my load temps dropped by 8C.
Water-cooled and never looking back.  Fuck heatsinks.
 he isn't using the best cooler ever:^
Custom or AIO?i've bought three different AIOs and each were faulty on arrivalsaid fuck it and slapped a hyper 212 evo on my cpu, never have looked backcustom seems like way too much effort/risk/cost
Not him, but u sure about those faulty AIOs? u didn't plug the pump into the cpu fan header, right?
Guy you responded to here.  I have a Kraken X40 from NZXT.  Only have it because I won it in a website giveaway.  But I love it.  I'm gonna do a custom one next time around.
I'm thinking of getting a Hyper 212X Turbo for $35.35USD, but the Seidon 120V sells for $51.89USD here and has vastly superior temps according to tests, 2 of my friends have it and they seem pretty silent even with the shitty stock fan.Wut do? I don't feel like paying near $100 for a Noctua or some other huge abomination with 14cm fans as those are expensive and hard to obtain.
my fins are thick enough to not cut memy case have air filters, almost no dust therei guess i don't have any sad stories to tellisn't wc basically an heatsink with extension cord to put it in place with better airflow/colder air?
So what is the best cooler for around 50 bucks?I don't really know how to choose.
What kind of autistic fuck cuts him self on a heatsinc. I have been using them for ages and haven't cut my self.
Off the top of my head the be quiet! dark rock 3 sells for around 49.99as the name may or may not suggest it's quiet and keeps your shit cool.
Got one of these for free, cant wait to use it in a build. Was also using a hyper 212 on my current rig but swapped for a cheap h100i I found. That hyper kept my 2500k @ 4.5ghz under 65c, damn impressive
Tried shipping my computer with the heatsink still attached.Horrible idea, retention mechanism was so weak the thing snapped off the motherboard due to the rough handling.It's a miracle only the heatsink was damaged.
shilling
that looks really nice
I've been using the cryorig h7 and it not only looks really good but performs decently for the price. I've also moved my pc around recently and had no issues with the mounting
honestly, any thing that isn't way over the top xbox hueg and weighing a couple pounds will be fine, heck anything with a proper backplate should be fine too.
I had a 212 Evo. Was fine, no problems. Then I decided to do a mini-ITX build and apparently MSI can't into 120mm fans with their PCI and cpu placement. So, I got a h90 and it's doing maybe 5 degrees cooler.
How many times have you cut yourself on the edges?NeverWho thought wedging rubber stoppers between the fins was a good way to mount the fan?What?How bad was the dust buildup the last time you cleaned?Not that bad because i dont live outside
One time I installed one and it kept my cpu cool no regrets0 timeswhat?a few months worthyou should maintain your pc before it gets that bad
Hyper 212 installactual heatsink installation goes finego to slide fans back oncut the ever living fuck out of myself trying to hold the heatsink while I slid the first fan into placeliteral blood drops all over my VRM heatsinkleft them there as a testament to the horrors that took place that day
Bought a PH-TC14PE for $54Best purchase ever. It'll last forever and gives temps just as good as the $99 top tier noctua fan without blocking a PCIe. Dead quiet, too. Based Phanteks.
So since uTorrent is an ad-riddled government honeypot, and qBT just plain doesnt work pic related, is there a client out there that just works at letting me download torrents?
qBittorrent, if you have a working brain
Works on my machine :^
qBT just doesn't work I've been using it for years on GNU/Linux with no problems whatsoever.
Etherkill nice meme
Deluge you fucking newfag
qBittorrent doesn't workIt's not our fault you're literally retarded.DelugeDisgusting.
Jesus Christ who needs to download that much shit at once?  Please revaluate your life, autist.
150GB of downloadswtf are you downloading anon????GNU/Linuxgo to bed RMS!
CheckingQueuednot woking.It's official: OP is a retard.
Am I being rused?  You can't be serious.
probably doesn't even have a enough space on his HDD to download all that shit so it stallsblames it on the client
qBittorrent works fine. Change your queue settings you fucking moron.
Enable more than one download a time retard. It's probably better that you stick with utorrent though, it seems using anything else is beyond you.
deluge

Tixati.
setting it to only download one thing at a timewhy isn't it working?
No trolling outside /b/.
tixati
Transmission or rTorrent if you're on Linux or OSX.Apparently none if you are on Windows.
setting it to only download one thing at a timewhy isn't it working?Looks to me like it crashed and is checking EVERY SINGLE TORRENT for its progress vanilla BitTorrent also did that, before fast resume became a thing. But of course, because file hashing is I/O intensive, it's doing it one a time. Have fun waiting if you have a large queue.
Transmission Transmission-QT on windoze
i am too retarded to tweak settingswhy is it not working?
Check your trackers. Do they all say "not working"?Yeah. It's not qbt
There is literally nothing wrong with utorrent. It does what it's supposed to pretty well.
DelugeDisgustingCare to explain?
Well. Apart from the developers having no regards for the users.I just don't get why people are so adamant to keep using a damn torrenting client.If there was any sign the one I was used was doing shady shit I would switch in a heartbeat to one of the many alternatives because it's just a fucking torrenting client.
transmission u faglord
Didn't the latest update pack a bitcoin miner?
uTorrent 1.8.5updating is largely a sham
has problems with qbittorrenthas no problems with delugeboth use libtorrent-rasterbarThe placebo is strong with you.
Can you start a blog about being a general idiot? I'd like to read it sometimes to see how idiots think.http://www.cvedetails.com/version-list/6117/10365/1/Utorrent-Utorrent.htmlold, unupdated, networking software
the joy i get from using the right client is greater than the tiny decrease in security.i could use your same argument to say only an idiot uses a credit card on a computer.
only an idiot uses a credit card on a computer.I don't see how that's a valid analogy.Either way, you shouldn't spread stupid information like "updating is a sham".
You can use Deluge on Windows and Linux and it's open source.
none of them is using the almighty ÂµTorrent 2.2.1
it is, though.  it's a hassle and in some cases a huge cost, at a phantasmal gain.is there any evidence that says people who update get data stolen less often?  what benefit have you gotten by updating your software in the past year?i'm not saying never update.  just keep it a conscious decision.
Deluge is clean, ad-free and fast. Just use it.
Hey /g/,I'm looking for some good web/email hosting / VPS services, preferably those with freedom respecting policies. I understand that it is probably virtually impossible for a provider to offer everything and the kitchen sink when it comes to libre/Gnu/RMS/what-have-you, but at the very least I'd be more comfortable going with say a company that donates money to the EFF and spoke out against things such as SOPA than I would be signing up with say GoDaddy or BlueHost.This would be strictly for personal use so I don't need anything enterprise-grade, and I'd pay any amount for a service oriented as outlined above with good customer service so money isn't an issue. Any good recommendations?
bump
no takers?
I just buy dirt cheap NAT servers for like 3 USD a year and I never use them. I could host something for you guys, but I don't know what.
gotta be more specific dude, what the fuck are you going to use it for?I just use digitalocean for like 99% of my stuff, I use dreamhost for my clients so I don't have to fuck with all their shit though.
who from?
I'm looking for email hosting, git hosting, syncthing/seafile hosting, and possibly web hosting. Whether or not a single service can encapsulate all of that doesn't matter to me, just looking for a provider to get my feet wet with.
http://www.servermom.org/low-end-nat-ipv4-vps-providers/2094/They're so cheap you don't get a dedicated IP and they're all really low end. Be careful with this.
you cool with setting up and backing all of these up yourself?
I worked at Bluehost. They liked to say they were a 100% free and open source company, for examole Open stack, KVM, Centos, but on the inside we had a lot of proprietary shit, like supervisors with company leased mac books, and google apps for our emailing system. Our CMS for internal use only wasnt open, even to us employees. Only devs got to see it. That being said, I dont know if any company can be truly 100% opem.
Cool as a cucumber
I don't see why not, are you suggesting I roll my own server?Thanks for the link, holy hell are some of those packages cheap.
That's unfortunate. I used you guys for web hosting a few years ago and getting set up / maintenance via the cpanel was all a breeze even the price was fairly competitive, but as I mentioned I'm trying to move away from companies that deploy tactics like as you explained. Surely no company can be truly 100% open, I'm just looking for companies that are at least interested in being so and exhibit that in one form or another.
Anyone have experience with any of the providers listed here? Wiki page hasn't been updated in almost a year.https://libreplanet.org/wiki/User:Icaro
there is a difference between the customer's system and their own internal systems
just fucking use linode you autist
I've considered them but 1. they're based in the US which somewhat defeats the purpose of me wanting to roll my own email and 2. to my knowledge they do not accept bitcoin. Excuse me while I strap on my tin foil hat but both I believe are concerns when seeking a more freedom-respecting service, be it the fault of the service itself or where they choose to set up camp.
Any other suggestions?
arvixe? i dont fucking know man just google it. just know you get what you pay for. linode, digitalocean, rackspace and AWS have all been kickass for me but i'm not trying to hide my weird ass fetish porn on it like you are. fucking sicko.
Why do you need to use bitcoin?You know they have your IP every time you communicate with them to receive email right?You know they have to, or you can't get your email, right?Or are you planning to use tor compromised or another vpn/proxy just another link in the chain to access it?
NAT = Network Address TranslationAlmost all servers are set up behind NAT. It has nothing to do with your personal privacy how someone else routes their traffic.
Gandi is awesome I use them too.linodeif you don't mind being owned by NSA, linode is also an option.
GTK File Picker will never be fixed ;__;
LINCUCKS BTFO ONCE AGAIN
Didn't one anon fix it some time ago?
go comment on the open bug report and follow it or vote or whatever that website requires to indicate you are interested in that getting fixed
Only the GTK2 file picker, but it's not accepted upstream yet.Someone is also working on the GTK3 version, but no news since the last update months ago.https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=141154&
eleven fucking years agothe year of the linux desktop is when this gets fixed hint: never
is the ipod touch 4th gen good for emulating retro games
It's not bad, and while I still think android's a joke....it does edge iOS on emulation.Get any android phone with a decent enough dual core processor and 1GB of RAM and you'll literally have no problem emulating any retro title.You can still emulate just fine just about anything besides n64 or NDS on a weaker phone.
What retro games are you trying to play anon
touchscreenemulationAHHAHAHHAHAHAHAFUCK NO.Fuck your shitphones and fuck this huge step backwards in technology. Time to let this garbage die.
This Moga Controller is $12.49 on Amazon.  I have it, and it works just fine for emulation.
ipodemulateno
yes get an adapter that hooks your ipod/iPad to a television  jailbreak and pair Wii remote  use actual hardware controllers plugged into Wii remote adaptersI use my iPad 2 as a retro console emulator all the time
I had it, it worked. Too bad a 40cm fall killed it, fucking glass edges
The iPod Touch 4 isn't a smartphone, you butthurt literal retard. It's not surprising that a butthurt literal retard like you has never heard of gamepads.
Wants to hack Boot up Internet Explorer 6Search Wikipedia from BingGoes to page "hacking"Edit page by deleting all textHacking success
cmd'tree'I'm in
You forgot color a anon
guess someone's security phrasenow you can hack into their account
Dude, you didn't even Kali. What is this? At least get your Cain and Able on.
ctrl+alt+t'ls'I'm also in
ctrl+alt+t"cowsay moo"I'm in
Hey /g/, I think I'm going to switch to Linux from Windows 8.1..My question is, is there a linux distro where I can do the following efficiently:play some steam gameseasily write word documentsuse software like photoshop and after effectsrun autocad relatively fastAnd if so , what's the best distro?
oh and of course HD stream porn efficiently..
basically I just need the best linux distro
Unbuntu is the most supported distro.Unless you become a hardcore gentoolmen, you have no need of any other distro.
graduate high school then come back.
use software like photoshop and after effectsnot gonna happen with linux sorry
Photoshop CS6 works great with WINE apparently. I wouldn't risk it due to cryptolockers, but it's there.
Ubuntu can do all of that except for the Adobe stuff. There are alternatives, but Adobe doesn't give Linux versions.
why does every Linux thread have people shitting it up recommending Ubuntu? it's the literal worst, meme distros aside fedora /gentoo/arch use cinnamon and run Linux mint 17.1wine can handle your retarded cs5/6choose based on what you need your OS to be capable of, not what sperglords tell you
when you have an anal infection?Well right now I feel like that when I see a M$ OS
Quality posting, the epitome of /g/
Could be worse, he might use arch linux.
What is with all these hate toward arch?Suddenly it become more popular so /g/ starting to hate it?Suddenly it's not muh sekrit club anymore?Why is /g/ so childish?
on Chrome OSusing Google Chromesigned in to my Google accountWhy do I still have to solve these peasant puzzles if I'm already confirmed master race?
Google is trying to make you hungry to fatten you up for the slaughter of your freedoms.
Because you've already proven to Google that you're their bitch.
because botnet
Funny meme, would upvote again.
who fucking careswhat grinds my gears is this new picture shitWHY CAN'T WE JUST HAVE THE OLD TEXT? I could solve that shit 5000x faster
I liked it more when you could just drug and drop the captcha image into the input field to solve it.
use 4chan xcheck force no java captchathere ya go anon
buy 4chan passno captcha at all
spending money on this cesspool of a website
huehue yea I'll enter captcha all day rather than give $1 to moot
as a UHRS worker this shit really pissed me off. thousands of hours of image recog / cross checking done by humansFOR FREEfuck you google, fuck chrome, and fuck the packets you came in from.
generating traffic on this cesspool of a websiteIt's like you have nothing else to do with your life.I don't even remember how much I paid for a pass, like $15/year or something. I make more in an hour.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L4YH1fkFsIo
spending more of your time on this cesspool of a website by filling out the captchas.A 4chan pass costs 20 dollars.Let's say a Captcha take, on average, 10 seconds of your time.The American minimum wage is $8.00So, 6 Captchas in take minute, and 360 captchas take an hour.Going by minimum wage, since most states have a higher minimum wage, but then there's tax, most peopel are paid more than it by some degree anyway, blah blah blah....Anyway, working on minumum wage you make $20/$8p/h which means you make it in 2.5 hours.So, at 360 posts-per-hour, you'd have to assuming 10 seconds average per captcha fulfillment and authentication, keyword being average once you post 900 posts, it has become cheaper time-wise to buy a 4chan past.So the question is, do you post 900 times a year? Less if you make more than minimum wage?
I'm on Chrome OS as well, Chromie. I am also of the master race. These weevils should only subjected to these puzzles.Though, I must let you know of the fact that I have not had to perform a puzzle task as of late.
chromemaster raceLEL
Google should make Chrome OS as Android Desktop and make it the most user friendly Linux distro. Imagine the botnetting potential.
taking this long to explain opportunity costThis is why you're a failure at life.
I have to dumb it down for retards anon. Gotta be thorough too, since retards might think they know better.I can leave no doubt.
By coddling others, you're worsening the system by taking away the punishment for laziness. Cut that shit out.
Rising tide raises all ships, anon.
this.
More like you're towing all ships. When you're not around they'll all be stranded, dead in the water.
u r a huge bitch faggot.
I can't even post from mine because of a VPN.
Just how mad do you have to be to become Zed Shaw?zedshaw.com/2015/06/01/dear-paul/...you might have been a potential good friend of mine if it hadnâ€™t been for one thing you did: Hacker News
Phone Launcher Thread! Post screenshot with name of said launcher!
There's already a desktop thread.
Lol did you really just take my screenshot to make another threadShould I feel good about this
I want that background
What's a /g/ approved MPC+madVR setup guide?I just reinstalled Windows and I forgot how the hell my MPC previous installation was configured.Googled a bit, but there's some crappy stuff out there. I need my /g/entoomen's assistance.
Uninstall MPC-HC.Install the packaged version that comes with SVP.
Install gentoo
/g/ approvedwindows shitWhat the fuck is this garbage? Why are you using proprietary algorithms when there are open source algorithms that produce the same quality results? Open source software continues to improve over time whereas closed source software is routinely abandoned or the creators go out of business leaving other people to reinvent the wheel over and over
lmao
 http://files.nyaa.eu/HOW_DID_I_PLAYED_BACK.txt
http://haruhichan.com/forum/showthread.php?7545-KCP-Kawaii-Codec-Packand if you don't wanna be a faggot:http://bakamplayer.u8sand.net/index.php
What's a /g/ approved MPC+madVR setup guide?mpv
I use this but it's causing screen tearing and other glitches on my TV. Works fine on PC screen.
I used to use SVP. It's really nice sometimes, but I personally find it causes too many bugs. Also seeking through playback is shit with it
Change your TV's settings, it's probably doing something stupid.
It has CLI options and is on loonixTherefore it's automatically the best
/a/ told me to get CCCP, anything wrong with that?
have 16:10 screenopen videoblack bars everywherehow can people tolerate this? no wonder apple went 16:9 on their iPhones
It's one on top and one on the bottom. Since I use MATE with two panels, it doesn't really bother me. You could learn to live with it too.
he fell for the 16:10 meme
it makes everything more cinematic
how can people tolerate this?By not being completely autistic? Next you will be complaining about bezels.
ur mum seems more cinematic when I put a box on me 'ead while she is sucking me dick mate
watching vids full screen while on a pcwhy?
Bezels are annoying. Especially if they're significantly off-center like some Thinkpads.
16:10 is not for videos. It is a computer display format. If you wanted to watch movies, get a television.
at least bezels are completely black and don't have some shit light glow like IPS panels
16:10 is shitOnly counter culture 2obscure4u douche bags use it.
have 16:10 screenwatch 16:9 contentWHY ISNT IT FILLING THE WHOLE SCREEN WTF?!why did you buy a 16:10 screen for watching 16:9 content if it bothers you this much and why were you not well aware of this prior to buying it?
holy fuck larkin lovethanks now I need to wank
Your fault for buying a shitty monitor. You could also drop the brightness a bit to compensate this.
16:10Why isn't it 8:5?
Black bars were annoying like a hojillion years ago when broadcast television switched from 480p to wide screen, but a computer monitor is not a television.
In a 16:9 screen the image would still be the same size. The bars come from you having more screen estate than the video can use.
16:10 is for work you autist
Because normals wouldn't understand the comparison to 16:9
17.7:10 has more horizontal pixels than 16:10, therefore it is better suited for productivity AND media consumption. 16:10 plebs are retarded.
yet i bet you're one of those idiots that sayhurr he has a TV
post link to vid plz
17.7
17.7:10Isn't that just 16:9?
still watching movies in 16:9 and not 21:9 master race
sAUCE PLEASE
/v/figuratively kill yourself
16:10Isn't that just 8:5?
get a load of this tard
It's closer to 4:2.5
Well fuck you both
two panelssounds an awful lot like two clock
One tells the time and launches applications, the other switches windows and workspaces. Feels good man.
You are autistic as fuck you know that?
it's pretty convenient if you want more information at once
have 16:9 screen figuratively speakingwatch movieblack bars everywherehow do people tolerate that?Less vertical bars watching 4:3 shit on 16:10, too.
Just crop the sides.  They know people have 16:10 screens so it's rare for important information to be included in that area.  Especially if all you're doing is watching big boob porn.
Use vlcWhen video is playing, press C on keyboard until aspect ratio is full screen
watching 16:9 media and not 2.35:1 mediaYou don't know the true meaning of letterboxing.
sauce.
thislarkin love obviously
Someday someone is going to invent miniature theater curtains that attach to TVs and monitors and make a fortune from people who care about this.
How can I sms track a phone withought touching the target?
You can start by uploading a huge black image to /g/.
Ok I got that part
Then you install Gentoo.
What are some must have apps for a rooted android?
Get Xposed Installer.
iOS
Subway Runner.
an internet browser
there is a graphic with some nice apps I saw floating around here
thisalso widget locker is much happier with root access rooting is great for custom roms or tweaking things to your liking, otherwise it's not really needed
doesn't work with lollipop though
kill yourself
Greenify, GSam Battery Monitor, Titanium Backup, ViPER4Android,, Xposed Framework, Wakelock Detector, SE Linux Mode Changer, StickMount if your phone supports OTG, BusyBox, AdAway..Among others.
Yes it does I'm on 5.1Google "Xposed super alpha" and and xda forum will come up
Nice, didin't know that.
Thanks
, 
http://www.geforce.com/whats-new/articles/geforce-353-06-whql-driver-released
Yo /g/angsters! So I want to relearn web design, and this time be good at it. Are there any books you guys recommend? A book that will reteach me the basics and that is up to date.
This book helped me when I was starting to learn web design. http://www.amazon.com/Creating-GeoCities-Websites-Ben-Sawyer/dp/0966288912
Bump
good design isn't something that can be taught you either are good with overall aesthetics, or you're not. learning html, xml, slq, ect has its learning curves but comes with time and practice
BullshitThis video says otherwisehttps://youtu.be/AASd5ewKNSw
Are books still even necessary? You can just learn everything online.
, 
Why does firefox still do this?
Oh, theres 300+ MB of javascript too.
why does Firefox use RAMAre you retarded?how dare Firefox use so much RAM it's not like I have loads or it's cheapAre you retarded?
All I use is the browser to shitpost on /g/ all dayAre you retar- yes you are.
implying firefox doesnt arbitrarily crash if its memory usage gets too highbeing to retarded to understand what non-deallocated memory means
firefox is 32 bit you fucking MORON, it can only go up to 2 or 2.5 gigs before it gets unstable.
Stop loading it with shitty extensionsAd Block Plus only.
servo when
I can't use basic English to make invalid points because I'm too _too_ retardedI use a shitty deprecated browser and moan about it being deprecated because I'm moron
Unfortunately nowadays you are at the mercy of monkey web devs writing webscale JS on their SEO-optimized websites.
I attack typos because I'm incapable of arguing
I take b8 because I'm an attention whore and mommy never loved me
Any time I find a website that requires javascript to display basic text and images, I know retards are afoot. Even worse are the websites that work fine but redirect to a javascript page anyway.How someone manages 30MB on a page before media is even included, I can't even fathom.
Do you run any antivirus app on your phone?
dat thigh gapwhoa
I run malbytes for shits and gigglesOnly sluts and mothers have thigh gaos
I run Avast
Same here. It's great to prevent sites from installing unwanted apk, even with adaway and ublock installed some links still manage to pass through.
No, it's does absolutely nothingAnyone who has antivirus on their phone, or even their computer is a dipshit
Ho needs to eat a cheeseburger
who is this bubblegum bitch?
No, it's does absolutely nothinghey guise this popup appeared on my windows saying my files are encrypted, what do?Prevents shit like that for one.
Remember when you were dumb
I actually work for a company that makes an Android AV product we have one for Windows and most platforms too and honestly, I can't recommend it for /g/~~BUT~~It also includes some anti-phishing features and "Device auditing" which does a "hey user, see this setting you have turned on? that's a security risk turn it off" so if you've got someone in your life who likes to make dumb computer decisions, it's worth considering for their Android gizmo
Knox
, 
, 
How do I break this stupid portal by my house?
Does it have playstore achievements yet?
I'm confused. What is this?
JARVIS Virus
Just go there and use you XMPs
Mobilize a large group of players and blast the fuck out of it with a few high-level XMP bursters.But really, this belongs on /v/
What is that? But I guess /v/ is a better place for this.
How about that Windows hello?Enjoy your always-on webcam.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wwc5jKc-EgE
Stop right there!Let's suppose you are now tasked with building a gayman pc that can play anything new in 2015 assuming 1080p.The twist is, you must ONLY use, used parts.There's no budget but try to make it as cheap as possible assuming average prices of used parts.What would you build?
I'd buy a PS4
cmon lads
bump
1366 motherboard Sabertooth X58, Xeon 5650 mild OC with used 212+ or 212 EVO, and used 970 from all the kneejerk fags who sold theirs immediately for AMD cards when 970 became a meme.
used 970 from all the kneejerk fags who sold theirs immediately for AMD cards when 970 became a meme.
I'm currently running some faglord's golden edition MSI 970 that I got for $200 because he was autistic about 3.5. Fucker switched to a 290X.Looked him up on eBay a month later and he sold that off, and bought another 970.
Guess he couldn't take the heat.
sounds good tbh. you did well. I hope I can find a cheap one
mfw he probably browses /g/
get a used titan bro ;
Hurrdurr Photoshop is so much better than GIMP because I said so!GIMP sucks because I don't know how to use it!I wonder how many of you faggots even know how to use an image editor. Pic related, something I made in GIMP. Show me what you can do.
I am learning inkscape through the tutorial, I really like that is keyboard centric. I never thought I could feel like in a text editor on a vector graphics program
I don't really use Inkscape. I'm more into making GIFs rather than vectors.Do you make animu wallpaper vectors? That seems to be the most common use of Inkscape among people on 4chan.
Aaaaaand saved.
You've created a masterpiece.
This, the little black line above the anime guy to trigger people's autism combined with the fact that it was made in GIMP is beautiful.
Why should I use a program that has a horrible UI?I don't care how good it is, if it is a pain in the ass to use.
horrible UIIn case you weren't aware, you can customize it. It's only as bad as you make it.Additionally, a lot of people don't know that you can change it from the multi-window setup to a single window. It's now like the bad old days.Honestly, you sound like you've never even used GIMP.
Ubuntu thinks it is a good thing to be "approved" by governments
From Ubuntu Basic Security  This guide was inspired and written by several new users of Ubuntu who were very interested in learning how to hack around their brand new Ubuntu operating systemsIt's a great idea to have a bunch newbies write an official security guide
/g/,I'm trying to find a genuine consensus, is the discussion on woman in tech real?Are there any notable programmers you can find on GitHub who are female that get ignored, slighted or wronged in anyway?Can we get a list of woman in tech from twitter and compare their tweets vs LOC on gh?
female programmers on tumblr write mostly stuff i did in 8th grade
The only ones I have been able to find so far usually comment on "sexually inappropriate" projects. Their repos consist of someone else's project or "webdesign tests".Maybe the programmers who are female who can actually do a good job don't want their identity to be known as female?
A better metric is measuring their percentage of contributions and pull requests that weren't mundane changes like "fixed gender-neutral language".
No.  Just attention whores that want to be noticed for doing jack shit.
Yes I could agree with that.I do know a few women who are mediocre contributors who hide behind an avatar of some inanimate object like a vase and smtn.anon,have any of you ever deliberately tried to bully a girl out of tech?have any of you ever been insensitive to a female on the job?
No
go to 7:25https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6plIjdaVGALOL
have any of you ever deliberately tried to bully a girl out of tech?I have never had the urge to bully anyone out of tech UNLESS they were fucking useless.I can think of a number of women I worked with that had skillz, and I dug working with them.  I worked telecom a while back, and I can think of one in particular that I worked with that I and everyone else enjoyed listening to, because she knew a lot of shit.  People from adjacent departments would ask her questions, and the room would get quiet when she answered, because we wanted to hear what she said.  She was youngish, too - like mid 20s at the time.Later on, much later on, when I started programming, I can think of a few women that I had the pleasure of working with.  Very sharp, very competent, paid attention to detail, and I learned a lot from them.  Out of the two I learned the most from, one was Indian dot, the other from eastern Europe somewhere.  Both were awesome to work with.What I am getting at is that programmers/other tech fields don't have trouble working with women, they have trouble working with incompetents and dead weight.  There is little worse than a team member that is worthless, but somehow remains included.  Much of the current noise about women in tech demands that women be included, regardless of whether or not that a given women, from a competence standpoint and evaluated as an individual, should be included.Naturally, there is a backlash against that.
have any of you ever deliberately tried to bully a girl out of tech?I've not because I generally got on with female co-workers better than "Muh sports are all that matter in the world" male co-workers, but it was pretty clear that there was a boys club in the office that even I wasn't apart of because I could give less than two fucks about "muh sport" and getting pissed on the weekend and doing a kilo of coke a month and a lot of subtle harassment of female staff generally our coke abusing managers and their mates trying to fuck them,You also have to look at the statistics that it's near impossible for women to move up in the workforce despite their experience or qualifications, In a good decade of working in IT I've seen women who deserved the position time and time again get passed on for some bro of the manager.Fuck I hated that shithole.
Hi /g/. I'm looking to buy a cheap small-ish laptop to carry around with me so that I don't have to use my phone for every little thing that requires Internet access. Now, I've never used any OS on a computer other than Windows shame on me, I know but I'd like to try some sort of Linux distro so that I can get a taste for it and ease my way into becoming a well versed user. Are there any that you all would recommend that will give me a decent first time user experience? I'm not opposed to reading up on how to use it and I'm fine with having to work a little to get the hang of it. But, I don't want to spend days on end learning things for a machine I'll use a total of maybe ten hours a week.Ideally, I'm looking for something lightweight that will boot up fast, as well as be usable for light word processing, Web browsing, and streaming video. I apologize for the lengthy post. inb4 install gentoo
I've never really used linux before either. I've got mint running and I like it. I wish i could make the switch to linux for good but wine gaming is ass.
Xubuntu is the best jumping off point.Once you get good, throw the i3 window manager on their and then you're set.
Thanks. I'll definitely look into it. I know for sure that /g/ shits all over anyone who uses Ubuntu for the most part. Is Xubuntu that much better?
xubuntu
Debian or Fedora. Both are user friendly and stable while still being lightweight.
Try Arch. The fact that it doesn't have a graphical installer may look intimidating, but it's actually really easy as long as you're able to read the wiki.The AUR is also the best thing ever, because you basically never have to compile anything yourself.
Are there pros and cons to those two compared to Xubuntu?
Compiling is definitely the word I'm most afraid of when it comes to these, but I have no idea what it means. But, I'm not too intimidated by a text based installer. Worst case scenario, I format and retry
Unity, in standard Ubuntu, is from what I understand pretty, questionable for a number of reasons. XFCE, in xubuntu, is a solid DE, fairly close to what Windows usually does, not shuch a change as something like ratpoison.I know little of Fedora, Debian is more basic from the install than Ubuntu, but I doubt it would be overly difficult.Arch is a bit harder if you do not follow the guides.
Debian has quite a few outdated packages because they only push security updates. Debian also doesn't have Firefox. I've never used Fedora so I can't comment on that.
Any of them? Just make sure you have systemd installed, Plymouth erased, and a lightweight window manager like IceWM or E17.
Thanks for all the suggestions guys. I really appreciate it!I'm very much new to this, but I'll look into what all of those exactly are. Thank you. Is there a /g/ approved "quick-start" guide to the stuff? Or is Google going to be my best friend for a while?
Or is Google going to be my best friend for a while?Not Google, Startpage.Or more seriously, for a great deal of questions, the Arch wiki is an excelent resource for many distros. I am unsure of a /g/ generated guide.
Gotcha, thanks for the tip.
No, shit, ignore that guy. Systemd WILL be installed unless you picked gentoo, Plymouth is a thing that makes booting look nice and does nothing else so don't fuck with it, and standalone window managers are for more advanced users i.e. autists. Any distro you install will already come with a window manager, so you don't have to bother with anything that fucker says.There is a /g/ guide, https://wiki.installgentoo.com/index.php/GNU/LinuxThe only caveat I'd like to make is the distinction between the distro and the Desktop Environment, or DE.I like to compare the distro to a car motor and the DE to the interior. For all intents and purposes, all distros are basically the same to a beginner. The DE controls what your interface looks like and the default programs you start with. For a low-end computer, stick with LXDE, XFCE, MATE, or Cinnamon. Gnome and KDE are significantly heavier. You can look them up to see which one matches your taste the most.You can use any DE with any distro for the most part - Xubuntu is just Ubuntu with XFCE, for example.
arch does not have text-based installer, it has text-based package downloader. arch downloads its packages to your machine while you manually set them up yourself, not next next next thing in your thought.but installing arch is just as easy as walking in the park if you've done it several times by reading its well written wiki.
Is arch breaking something regularly just a meme? Or do you actually have to spend more time messing around with drivers or whatever
Why is it socially acceptable to want to become a cop or study criminology and such but wanting to learn information security always is met with "lel y u want to b a hacker u skid" and the like?
fuck off haxxor scum
Why is it socially acceptable for a man to become a doctor, but if he wants to become a nurse, he is met with ridicule and contempt?
Well, what do you know about infosec, OP? Do you think Metasploit and Kali are the be-all and end-all of security? People like that are the people who aren't taken seriously. But if you get industry certs, learn about analyzing malware in VMs, learn programming and how to find exploits on your own rather than relying on CVEs, then yeah, people will respect you. Ricing out GNU/Linux is shit any retard can do, despite what /g/ would like you to think. You really have to go above and beyond to get into this field for more than just helpdesk garbage.
Hey, /g/Do any of you use F-Droid to install your apps from? Is F-Droid trustworthy?Is there a better choice out there?
I used it only for adaway, all apps are open source but I doubt every single one of them was audited, even if the code is fine can't exclude the apk might be compromised. There's nothing to install besides adaway from F-Droid anyway.
How is F-Droid any different from the Google Play app store? Are Google Play apps more audited than F-Droid apps?
check which "store" gets more app reviews
I only use fdroid.
Hey /g/. I'm having a bit of an issue and I'm not sure why. Starting today my Ean internal HDD and D system drives on my computer keep going missing then reappearing. It's annoying because I do have some programs installed on my E drive and once it disappears well...the program stops working. Has anyone else had a problem similar to this and was able to resolve it?
I forgot to mention that I am using an SSD as my C drive and that is working perfectly fine.
if 1080p is a 23" monitor and 1440p is a 27" monitor, how many inches is 4k?
that isnt how it workswikipedia fag
myexgfforrealIswearyou dated danielle robertson???
a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli a milli
39.6", so if you go above that is basically a waste of res
Following that logic it would be 46" but you're fucking retarded.
2/10
flaccid or erect?
Obviously, OP has a 23 inch monitor and is perfectly happy with the resolution but basically wants 4 23 inch monitors together to make one giant 4k screen.
5.5"
31"
32 inches
30 - 31
31.5
3840/23 + 27/2/1080+1440/2
Who is this braying retard you posted
can't reverse image searchher name is in the first 3 posts after the OPcalls the woman a retardlol
 doing an idiotic dance  not a retard
as far as anyone can tell, she's posing in a sexy way. Maybe you don't like it, but I bet if I check her instagram for that photo we'll find a couple thousand people who do like it.Back to the point, you were evidently too stupid to do reverse image search OR read 2 posts in the thread to get the answer to your own question.
to have the same ppi as a 27" 2560x1440 on UHD which is 4k but in your 16:9 resolution the size is 60.75" diagonally. There is more that goes into it like watching distance, but that's basically the case.3840 * 2160/2560 * 1440 / 27pls tell me I didn't fuck up because I'm looking at it diagonally ;
 sexy If you consider borderline clinicsl retardation sexy maybe  implying i actually wanted an answerI was making fun of the seman demon retards
your math is way, way the fuck offsame dpi as 23" 1080 would be 46"same dpi as 27" 1440 would in the 30s
I was only acting retardedokay! that's all you needed to say, that your sense of humor is all that's retarded, and not you.
 implying i meant it to be funny  implying i wasnt just making a quick jab at them
27" with 2560x1440 is ~111 ppi.  39.5" with 3840x2160 is ~111 ppi.  I didn't bother to calculate 1080P bullshit.  That's not /g/, that's like /tv/ shit.
measuringpixelskek
Going with that logic, a 13'' should be 720p, a 7'' tablet should be 720x480, and a 5'' phone should be 480x300.Protip: it's wrong
Who is this fluid druid?
vanilli
6.5 out of 10 would pity fuck
Its called view distance faggot
/g/ MUH DPI faggots view their screens from 10cm away, didn't you know?
Hi /g/  this is a picture of my background on my windowns 7 home premimum pc how did i let myself go?
What the fuck delete this thread.I underline I wanted to make the next thread!
American date format
what difference does it really make than other give something to talk about
It means you weigh 100 kg, have a mutilated cock, a double digit IQ, and $100,000 worth of debt for an education that was given to me by the state for free. Suck my balls, fatty.
real thread
a lot if you want to organise files by date
But nobody organizes files by the US date format.
that's exactly what i'm saying
agree america fuck yeah....rotfl
but i weigh 43kg.
BenQ RL2455HM been looking at this monitor, thoughts about it? Worth my money or is are there better ones out there for the same price and quality. Mostly going to be playing FPS.
buying 60Hz low tier monitors for FPS gaymenbeing this retardedTake a look at this one insteadASUS VG248QE used 200$ max.144Hzgreat image quality and colors24 inchWhy do people still buy anything else in 2014+1?
alright since jewgle is being a bitch and won't give me answers. I need your help /g/ inb4 "not personal technician"Well my HDD became loud this morning and i can hear it spin, pause, spin again. It takes so long to boot up and after many restart attempts it wont even show up in the BIOS. The last time i scanned itwhich isnt long ago it had no bad sectors. Also i don't hear it any clicks that are signs of failure.Is it my PSU that wont power up my hdd right? or this hdd is dying? what do you think /g/?
Boot up gentoo and see if you can access it
Check smart using crystal disk info.
I'd also suggest you to install gentoo
doubt it's your psuhdd is powered by a single molex connector, so most likely your hdd is just dyingplug it into another pc and find out
it had no bad sectorsDoesn't mean much, HDD can die without warning.Is it my PSU that wont power up my hdd right? or this hdd is dying? what do you think /g/?I think us guessing is meaningless, you should be experimenting / checking.
Good budget android smartphone?
Sony Xperia E4g
Moto G
BLU Studio Energy
Is it possible to make VLC allow you to open multiple videos at once? Whenever I try to open one with one already open, it just stops the first video and plays the other. I need to have multiple webms open at once.
Also, HoneyView webm support when?
Why would you want to do that?
For fapping.
And run multiple instances at once.Then you just drag the webm onto the window and doneuse your head fag
I already unchecked that box, I just didn't think of opening blank windows and dragging webms into them
I need to have multiple webms open at once.Uninstall VLC and install Potplayer.
So are "dumb TVs" dead and gone or will we be eternally forced to pay extra for half-baked "smart" functionality that is made entirely irrelevant by a Roku or an old laptop running XBMC?
You can get dumb tvs still but you'll be limited to budget lcd panels and build quality. Unfortunately all the tier1 top flight panels with good color and performance are all going smart.
Why would anyone who is paying a premium for a TV need smart features? They are shit. Anyone with money can easily setup a HTPC or other shit mentioned.
Mine is smart but the "smart" processing hardware is in a separate box, which connects through disply port and a power cable to the dumb TV, which cannot be used without said box because the stupid power cable uses a proprietary non-standard shitty connector. I've to hack/solder it to something else but I'm not an expert and it's not worth the risk, TV is old and finding another cable like that is almost impossible nowadays.
That's unfortunate.Exactly my point.Wow, that sounds horribleIs there anywhere good to look up TV reviews? The only reputable place I can find is rtings and according to them, every TV is at least a little bit shit.Also, can great TVs be found in the 40-45" range or has everything shifted toward 50"+?
Smart TVs will hopefully improve once they start using Google TVYou can get nicer panels but they won't have a tuner.
literally botnetliterally LG transmits everything you watch back to them even when the wi-fi is "off". if they do it, then so does the other manufacturers
I got nothing to hide anyway :^D
I'm using a "48 Insignia dumb TV I got from best buy for $380. Every though its not a " name brand" its actually a pretty great TV and uses Samsung S-PVA panel.http://www.bestbuy.com/site/insignia-48-class-47-6-diag--led-1080p-hdtv-black/2048535.p?id=1219528552285&skuId=2048535The 48 inch insignia on their website right now is not the same model I brought though but it's probably still good.
What if there is no Wifi in my house?
How do they transmit anything if Wifi is off and you never gave it access to your network?
buying an lcdeverin the history of foreverCan the EU just fucking collapse already so I can have 4k plasma tvs?
Aren't plasmas hot, power hungry, and prone to burn in?
Well if you never connect to the internet, nothing will be transmitted back. I have no clue why you would buy a smart tv and never connect to the internet. You might as well buy a dumb tv.
I have no clue why you would buy a smart tv and never connect to the internet. You might as well buy a dumb tv.Umm, maybe because all the dumb TVs use inferior panels, forcing one to buy a smart TV and use it as a dumb TV?
4k plasma tvsMinimum size would be 84"12,000 BTUs coming off the screen8-900lbs without stand or speakersThey wouldn't be able to make 'em fast enough...
I love my Sony HX850. The PQ is great. The smart features on the other hand I never use.
3G radios. Don't even have to connect it to your network.
Why is that TV slant?
Yes SmartTVs are here to stay if you want anything that isn't a chinese dogshit panel. That's fine though since Android TV actually looks pretty decent. All of Sony's TVs are going to have it. Samsung and LG is going to stick to their proprietary OS. It's probably going to be shit in comparison. And I guess Panasonic is going with Firefox OS? No idea how that shit is going to turn out. Probably bad.
Samsung and LG is going to stick to their proprietary OS. It's probably going to be shit in comparison. And I guess Panasonic is going with Firefox OS?Damn. If only it were like computers where you could choose the OS.As gaudy as Firefox-Panasonic looks, it's pretty smooth compared to the Viera shit they currently have.https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=midsZK1Q0RU
Just hook a cable/satellite/tv set top box with HDMI output to a computer LCD monitorthere is your dumb tv bonus, only one remote instead of tv/sound/set top box remotes
Daily reminder LG, Vizio and Samsung will sell your data to the highest bidderhttp://consumerist.com/2013/09/05/new-lg-tvs-will-be-telling-marketers-what-youre-watching/
The coolest thing I've done with smart TV shit is one button press YouTube videos playing on my phone to play on my screen. Not even that smart if you ask me.
literally no new dumb blu-ray players or TVs
Since Prezi has come and gone, what's the go-to presentation software if you want something a little more attention-grabbing than Powerpoint?
LibreOffice Impress
Anon please
hipster shit that focuses on stupid fancy effects to distract the audience from a lack of actual meaningful content
\documentclass{beamer}
post actual meaningful contentaudience doesn't pay attention because this is the age we live inYou need both
hey hey I got a fucking crazy idea, what if we fuse LATEX AND POWERPOINT it will be fucking beautiful
bring everyone down to the dumbest kid in the class, no child left behindAmerican education system.
googled it after posting there are already addons or something like that.
Blender
Platex Presentaton
The irony is that you're trying to bring people down to your level, ignoring the ability to enhance the text and your message.It's a presentation, not a research paper.
If your audience doesn't have ADD, they can follow a presentation without stupid effects placed everywhere.
Are you suggesting that everyone should make their presentations boring as fuck and blame the audience for not being interested enough?Why not also talk in monotone and leave the slides blank because if they don't have ADD they'll still care about your content.
You can eat a meal without spice, but why abstain?
Some concepts are better shown with a bit of accompanying effect. Complicated inferences can be shown to be occupying a parrticular level in the structure through the allocation of the current term or topic. First its in the top pile, then the second, then back to the first. Sometimes, the levels are used concurrently and may require a more colorful approach. Sometimes, the amalglamation of the terms could be said to degrade the importance of one term and aid in the emboldening of another. Sometimes students are just so hypnotized or stupid that they need the novel appeal of a new platform to help it all stick. Those people listen to rap music.
What the hell happened to prezi?
Use cute little HTML pages or a cute little javascript applet that cutely animates your cute presentation.
*ahem*https://github.com/hakimel/reveal.js/Also is my butt cute?
It's passÃ©
Also is my butt cute?are you hakim?
Microsoft Office Powerpoint with Office Mix https://mix.office.com
10.1"usb type-c portnot a copy of the macbookokay
Holy fuck that bezel
football field sized bezelwho the fuck thought that was a good idea
Just so I can get it out of my system. Jesus FUCK that bezel is DISGUSTING
tabletssure is normie in here
sure is samefag in here
, 
Do you have one? Want one?Just found out about these last night, seriously interesting.. I wish the technology was better though so you could type and move a cursor as efficiently with it as with your hands. Or even just move the cursor as efficiently as with a mouse, so both hands could be devoted entirely to the keyboard.
Do you have one?NoWant one?NoShort thread
:
Emotiv_InsightYou know its bullshit tho, rite
I didn't actually.What's bullshit about it?
What the fuck is this torture device?
consumer thought-computer interface
Interesting. Feels like I'm living in the future for a change.
, 
Hey /g/About to take the plunge and upgrade to Windows 8. Any advice, tweaks, or programs you have for making it a less-tiled mess that feels more like 7?
wait for Windows 10
Classic Shell or something like that. It brings back the Windows 7 Start menu for Windows 8.1.
I would but one of the svchost processes in Windows 7 currently has a known issue where it decides to eat up 800k worth of memory. Only reason I really decided to upgrade was to hopefully get rid of this since Microsoft's 'fix' didn't do shit.Thanks. I'll give it a look.
This. 10's not far off and looks like it'll keep the focus away from touchscreen bullshit this time. It'll be a better experience than using third party tweaks to repair a fundamentally broken OS.
upgrade to windows 10 preview, see if you like it.
worried about 800k
tfw getting the notification to reserve my upgrade to windows 10I don't even know if I want it.
Also if you are running multiple monitors, I recommend DisplayFusion. I used it and it allows me to have different programs on different monitors. And not have all of the applications on the toolbar of each monitor.
The only main tweaks I have to Windows 8.1 is DisplayFusion, Clover Explorer, and Classic Shell.
That's the point. Classic Shell shouldn't exist. There should be no need for it to exist, because Microsoft never should have sucked the touchscreen cock on a desktop OS in the first place.
10 releases on July 29.
Classic Shell, motherfucker.  I could never in a million years stand 8/8.1 without it.
Installed shell and it looks OK. I have a feeling I'm going to regret this but at least no more memory leaks.not concerned that a Windows process is consuming more than an average vidya gameI like malware/viruses, too.
heh, was just about to post the same thing. it really is the tits.
I just upgraded today after my Windows 7 finally got caught for being pirated. So I spent $30 for a key that way I wouldn't have to worry about it anymore, that and I don't care to have Windows 10 right when it releases anyways. That being said I really was hoping this shit would grow on me but I'm not sure, apps on a desktop just seem fucking retarded when you have a browser. I really don't see why computer illiterate people love using apps so much.
You literally don't actually need to use the metro interface ever.
I know... but I wanted to like it...
My trigger finger is itchy.  Does /g/ have any insight concerning the new AMD dGPU?  Also Mac-Preesh General
Pull the trigger. It is a good laptop.
Does /g/ have any insight concerning the new AMD dGPU?No. AMD GPUs have always been sold on a Mac. Nvidia stuff has had some hiccups few years back.Just fucking go for it! I bought my first 13" MBP 2 months ago and it was the best computing decision I've made in years. It's fucking silent even when I'm compiling long-ass programs and encoding videos.
AMD GPUs have a poor reputation on Apple hardware, which was why people were excited about the switch to Nvidia a few years back. People seemed pretty depressed about the AMD rMBP, but maybe they've gotten their shit together in the meantime.Also the 13" rMBP doesn't offer the AMD GPU, so there's not much insight there about the AMD GPU rMBP any more than any other rMBP from the past year or so.
Most of what I'm reading is the "muh GT 950m," comments.  The Iris iGPU on Wifey's 13 rMBP is pretty solid, so I'm guessing Iris Pro/R9 M300X should be pretty powerful.  The SSD's on that thing are sick.
Bump from 2.5 to 2.8 worth it?
MacBook justice bump!
I have the integrated video 2015 rMBP the amd card version wasn't available for a few days and I needed a replacement pretty abruptly, and it's great. I've never observed any slowdowns or anything.
http://www.notebookcheck.net/AMD-Radeon-R9-M370X.142763.0.htmlseems about on par with a 950m or a 760m. Not sure how they managed that considering it's rebadged cape verde. Probably runs hot and greedy
Are you telling me that simply shutting this thing down wrong will corrupt the SD card and you'll have to re-image it all over again?
SD cards have  a write-through cache.What did you expect?
My projects shut it down with a hard switch on the power supply. No problems, and it's been through a few thousand cycles at least.
yeah, but its cheap as fuck. just set up a backup script.
should have bought an odroidhow does that SJW cock taste, faggot
How would the odroid not corrupt?
 thinks android is hardware.
Raspian did that alot for mr, switched to the arch image and haven't had it happen since.
Are you telling me that simply shutting this thing down wrong will corrupt the SD cardNo, because journals are a thing?
whatsajournal?
whats a journal?


Question. Should I buy an android stick with a slower but more well documented processor rockchip rk3188t and 2GB or ram, or a faster processor amlogic s805 with no custom roms yet and 1GB of ram.I want to watch videos and light gaming. Also the stick with the s805 supports hardware h265  decoding.Is more ram important for hd video?
My moto g has less than 1G and it plays vids no prob,
Short version, how much does ram affect video playback. 1GB still good for hd playback?
691 kilobytes is enough to get my dick hardso I guess 1 GB should be fine OP
Ok thanks, will get the better processor one and hope better custom roms come out for it.
Where were you when Apple Watch was kill?
probably working or something
jerking off to my bagelsport
People at work try to come in and use their gay apple pay. I always feel good telling them its not accepted.
They probably feel good not working at McDo's though...
You can't kill that which was never born.
/thread
That looks just as gaudy as when samsung released the first galaxy phone making a total ripoff on the iphone.
mfw getting a pebble timedat battery life
 giant bezeleugh
McDonalds takes apple pay tho
should i buy another 4gb stick of ram to replace my 2 2gb sticks? is the performance boost worth the $30 or so?
you can sell your ram sticks for that, so why not.
i'd probably put them back in my other computer if i did
8GB dimm or bust
are you fucking poor?32GB or gtfo
oh
Mine went finenice trips
so am I actually going to get win10 if my win7 is pirated?I was going to buy win10 when it came out, but what the fuck is the point if I get it for free
You'll get it, but it won't be activated.
I wouldn't worry about it, wait for SP1, release a shit
Remember Vista.They said that would work, too.
Wait a year
I upgraded to Win8 with a HP Mini and it worked perfectlythis should too
:^
update everythingeven optional updates I don't want like skyperestart multiple timestry forcing it in task schedulerstill no notificationI have a legit version of 8.1fuck you too MS
Hey /g/ I'm trying to expand my tech skills over the summer.  Over the last 5 months I've learned general C++ and Java, I also built my own computer several years ago.  Now I'm focusing on expanding my general coding knowledge, picking up some web design as well as some app development and I know the steps that I have to take to learn these things.But one technical skill that I very much would like to pick up is general system architecture and network security.  The only problem is I have really no idea where to start on that, the only path I can think of at current is learning an assembly language to look more into what goes on behind high level code.So what I'm asking is, what kind of resources can I use or general exercises I can perform to pick up some system architecture skills?
You seem like you are over the hump I am currently in.Where do I put a webm file in my hosting server so that people will be able to play it when they visit my site?pic related.
Also what code do I write so that it plays the file?
KALI, CCNA
win32 intel assembly will still be around for years and looks like other cpu producers are adopting similar syntax. I started reading assembly manuals recently because I want to learn to RE windows software, if you wanna learn asm maybe challenge yourself to crack some program, games/any kind of software you want, also debugging is another option, for example I use ppsspp and if crashes with some games I play, when that happens it's nice to look at the disassembler and see what was going on before the crash, though I'm really new to this so I can't do much besides sending logs to the devs.There're many choices, just try what won't bore you, motivation is priority. If you need recommendations, I can tell you what asm manuals I using.
I am using*typos..
Get a cortex m3 or something and fuck around with that. Will teach you about low level C, peripherals, timing and shit
Whatever u just ghetto

how do i get this off my taskbar?
install gentoo
G E N T O OENTOO
Will I be happy?
Guess you should look more closely at those optional Windows updates next time, anon.
he uses proprietary software and thinks he has choiceslel
for you
Which process do I need to stop to get rid of this?
windows
ayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
install this update to fix an issue with windowsYea man reading that shit I installed a few weeks ago really helped.
GWX, and uninstall kb3035583
its not like you ever were happy, so youve nothing to lose.
Install Lo/g/os
hahahaha windowsholy fuck you guys need to switch to linux alreadydont be scurred
Disable it in planned tasks.Microsoft - Windows - SetupIf you don't have permission, just delete the task.Alternatively you can kill GWX.exe in task manager and/or delete the Windows/System32/GWX folder.
heres the process1 - go to www.lubuntu.com2 - download the iso3 - copy the iso to a usb stick or cd4 - restart the computer with the usb stick or cd in the drive5 - follow the simple instructions
LUbuntuany yeargo away please
Any privacy concerns for W10 that were absent in Windows 7?
targeted advertising in the start menu.
not recognizing LXDE as the best DEfuck off
scary level of error reporting, smart screen scans of every file and location tracking
you're de a shit
you can turn those things off though right
I thought this wasn't going to be available to pirated versions. I just successfully reserved a copy.
yes.
I hope you realize those features were already in windows 8?You can turn them off.Also is this free upgrade for 10 pro or 10 consumer pleb edition?
I generally dont even use a DE.  my laptop is no DE with IceWM as the WM.  my desktop is currently LXQT as the DEanything else is bloat
I generally dont even use a DE.So you're saying that your opinion on DEs is worthless? Thanks, that makes this argument so much easier.
implying it turns them offThey'll still send it all in the error report of the first ie crash and brush it off as a bug when people find out.
IE is kill anon
Im saying that almost all DEs are bloated except for LXDE and LXQTIve used MATE, XFCE, GNOME, Enlightenment, KDE, and Unity.  Unity, GNOME, and KDE are so bloated as to be basically unusable.  MATE and XFCE are clearly bloated, but at least usable.  LXDE is basically the least bloated DE, while providing a nice ready to go GUI
ieis this a joke
But you're not actively using any DE, so your opinion isn't worth anything.

i clearly said i am actively using LXQt on my desktop.  Before that I used MATE for about a month on my desktop
So you don't know how other DEs currently perform?
i play video games, you fucking dunderheads
Where's my upgrade offer? = is this only for a few select people to beta test W10 or something?
nah, just install xubuntu, mint or kubuntu you'll be fine
have legit windows 7WHY WOULD I DO THIS
Go install all updates and restart your windows. It will come.
Do you have to have a legit W7 to get this? I only have a legit W8.1
m-me toohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Z-r9BVYBxAinb4 that doesn't count
Gentoo has games.  Maybe you should go outside instead.
doing it now!
fuck, i didn't meant to bump
Sigh.1. Open task manager2. Kill a process called GWX.exeNow the icon is gone. But it will come back the next time you log in. So:3. Hit start4. Type "task scheduler"5. Launch the task scheduler6. Browse to Microsoft\Windows\Setup\gwx7. Disable both tasks that are listedYou're done. If/when you want to upgrade to Win10 in the future, reenable those tasks, log off, and log back in.Or install gentoo.
it used to came preinstalled with almost all computers some years ago, son
7+ is the only requirement
Fuck yes. I am soooo happy this is happening. Good bye W8 you piece of garbage.
I tried GNOME, KDE, XFCE, and MATE in past 6 months.  Unity is obviously bloated so me trying it lately isnt going to prove otherwise.  Ive also used, some for extended periods of time months, all of the above over the past 10+ years.Conclusion?  XFCE used to be OK but is now shit.  MATE used to be OK but is now shit.  KDE has always been shit.  Unity has always been shit.  GNOME3 has always been shit.LXDE has always been decent.  LXQt is new and is looking to be decent
FAKE AND GAY .. NOT ONCE DO YOU SEE WHAT OS HE'S RUNNING .. YOU JUST SEE THE GAME.
run Windows in a VM and use PCI pass-through to let Windows access your video card directly.  This will run at 95% native speed
Is this happening for those that payed for it? I don't see it on mine.
DEs are shit in general, no idea what you're even trying to argue about.
how do PCI passthrough?
I know; some anon criticized my suggestion of Lubuntu for OP, stressing that LXDE sucked.  I made the argument that of all DEs were pretty terrible except LXDE was OK.
http://lmgtfy.com/?q=how+do+PCI+passthrough%3F
Yeah, that was me, was checking how far I could push you with low effort replies.
Try this: https://github.com/cmdrkotori/qemu-scripts
im not mad
nigger
tfw i'm getting this screen on my pirated windows 7d-does this mean I can get a legit windows 10 from a pirated windows 7? wtf
You will get a pirated Win10 from a pirated Win7
Can I do a fresh install using this offer? How will that work out?
wathow does this update even work?
The update works as you expect.The joke on /g/ works by telling every person like you who asks this question some kind of absurd answer just to fuck with you.
any info about this /g/?
i play video games4chan is 18+
GNU/Linux has tons of games, you dunderhead.
2015still thinking vidya gaems are for kidsWhat are you, 80?
The patch installed and I have a genuine copy of Win 7 64 Pro SP1 but there is no new symbol in the task tray, what do?
VM95% native speed
Technology doesn't only involve Gentoo and Graphics Cars. Feel free to share anything you've soldered, welded,ran and ac  current through, made spin at over 2k rpms, launched into the air, attached a pulse jet to, made self aware, and all that other cool invention and tinker shit.....
/diy/
technology is only phone shilling and fanboyismhave a bump OPeven though he's still right, nobody here knows shit about real technology
how make ,sir ?
Wire up a bunch of step up transformers and connect it to a tin foil domed "Tesla coil"
Graphics CarsTechnology doesn't only involve GentooThread reported and hidden.
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00TI6TFHQ?psc=1&redirect=true&ref_=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00Just ordered this? Is this good?
Why the fuck would you ask after you order itif it sucks too bad faggot
Just ordered this?I don't know, did you?
Eh, I'm awful at seeing what is worth the price, GPU seems okay, but I'm clueless on CPUs.And by saying "just ordered this" mean I could cancel it if it's too much money for it's job,
$1,049.70 for a fucking gayming laptop.... you fucking moron. that shit will be worth $500 within 2 months of your purchase.
What IS its job?
Good luck.
Playing gaymes.
Why? Are you a college student who doesn't have space for a normal desktop or do you travel a lot?
Both kinda, I don't know, I'd honestly just like to know if there are ones under $1000 that will atleast play games well.
Honestly, gayman laptops are pretty shit and you should only buy one if there's literally no way around it.
You disappoint me op
All Right, good to know, better cancel my order then. I have a nice desktop already, might as well spend money upgrading that.Do you have any recommendations for a laptop that can AT LEAST run a game like maybe Binding of Isaac? Even a brand, it doesn't matter.
I used to use a Lenovo Ideapad U310 for quite some time for school / general use and it ran pretty well. Could run Bioshock Infinite on high.Then again that was like a year ago, so I don't really know.
Playing gaymes.you're a fucking MORON. you'll fail your classes if you continue wasting life on fucking gaymes. don't bother going to college and racking up TONS OF DEBT if you're gonna waste your time on games.just fucking leave your childhood behind you dumfuck!if I were you, I'd get a mac so you can't play all the retarded gaymes and can actually work on your coursework.fucking kids these days...
paying money to be prevented from doing thingsLeave the poor OP alone you retard.
I'm looking at a Lenovo laptop right now and I would be lying if I didn't say the no optical drive is a huge turn off.http://www.amazon.com/Lenovo-15-6-Inch-Gaming-Laptop-59425944/dp/B00K6ZIMPE/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&qid=1433133037&sr=8-6&keywords=Lenovo+y50-y70
Stop looking for gayman laptops oh my godYou don't really need anything better than some Intel integrated GPU to play small games.
This
Return that shit and just build a desktop gayman pc?
And get an ultramemebook for battery life.
lets see here i7noice8gb of SDRAMok thats fine for a laptop1tb HDDi would preferr and SSD in a laptop but whatever its good for the pricetag and 1tb of space is sweetgtx 960Mgtx 960Mgtx 960Mgtx 960Mahhaha.......HAHA......HAHAHAHAHAHAH
So what gaming laptops, if any, would you guys recommend for someone who actually needs one I'm gonna be traveling a lot
A Razer blade is the only good gaymen laptop.
it's fine for the price your not gonna get better specs for that though you could get the same for less though I have nothing on me right now
It will probably die in 2 years.
What is the problem with this card?
In that case, a chromebook would be better than a mac unless he needs software
what the fuck is this shit and why did it just pop up on my windows 7 desktop
I don't know how to search general
Seems self explanatory don't you think?
why did it just pop upHow should any of us know. What exactly were you doing faggot. don't skip out on details either.
holy shitmicrosoft is uploading skynet 1.0
INSTALL GENTOONSTALLGENTOO
so is it safe to accept this shit?
I dunno, why don't you FUCKING LURK the other fucking threads and find out?
what the fuck is this shitLooks like a free upgrade to Windows 10, if you ask me.why did it just pop up on my windows 7 desktopBecause you done fucked up by using proprietary software. Install elementary OS.
Install elementary OS.Can't, I didn't donate.
Not sure if b8, but I didn't donate either, and I downloaded Freya directly from their website. Just type in $0, and click the button.
Looks like a free upgrade to Windows 10, if you ask me.but it's literally going to be free to everyone.
How about you go suck a fucking dick you small dicked faggot
B O T N E TOTNET
el oh el, they are really trying to trick as many people into upgrading as possible.  Got to reserve! supplies might run out :^
You've enacted NSA rule 303. Saniitize all of your connection points, burn off your fingerprints and run like hell.
tfw no pop up
Signs Microshit knows how bad they fucked up with Windows 8:Make windows "8.1"Skip Windows 9Offer free Windows 10Shill it on Windows 7 because that's what most windows users still use.Great news guys. Microsoft ISN'T run by complete autists.
Asus just announced 32-inch 4K monitor with 99% AdobeRGB coverage 1.06 billion colors, most mid-range to high-end IPS monitors can display 16 million distinct colors for $799.
Does it respect my freedoms?
None of the monitors do.
$799.[citation needed]
Windows is offering a free upgrade of the full version of windows 10 to me... Should I take it?
why not?more importantly, why are you asking us at all?
Die hard windows 7 user, only want to upgrade if windows fixed their problems with other operating systems.
yes, but you won't get it for another month or more. you're only accepting the upgrade in advance. "pre-ordering" the upgrade, so to speak.
apply for it especially if you have a legit systemOEM or retailIf you didn't claim your free upgrade after a year from the release date, you'll have to pay for it.
I would think its impossible to get the upgrade on an illegal version...
If you do, remember to disable Cortana and the thing that syncs your Pictures folder with the MS botnet.
Im still on xp, no regrets
Honeypot
citation required
Negative captain
you can upgrade, but it acts like an unregistered copy of Windows when you upgrade. they want to provide a path for pirates to go legit.
I guess it helps that I always still have the windows 7 repair disc for my specific computer.
Already been vanned
Pirates will always find a way tho, even when it does go legit
IT'S A TRAP!DELETE SYSTEM32FORMAT C:KILL YOUR PARENTS
Windows 7 installation fucked up because graphics card would break the os all the timestill fucks up disallowing many features of a gpu only the video driver works, none of the extra featuressee Windows 10 upgradewould just reinstall Windows but CD drive is brokenIf I upgrade to Windows 10, will it resolve all these errors that I'm getting? Basically, will it replace what my graphics card stole?
Kill yourself
The first time I heard about the press any key meme I thought that it was so stupid that maybe an "any key" existed in usa keyboards
USA cant be that retarded
Enjoy your always on, embedded, non-optional One Drive CLOUD CLUSTERCUCK NSA DIRECT MEGA CONNECTION TO YOUR FUCKING LIFE
This
OP needs to find better questions to ask.
anyone knows how to remove the little thing in bottom right corner of the screen that keeps pestering me to update to win10?I dont want to pre-order that shit, dont care if its free. and I share this computer with real retards who will upgrade everything, I need to hide or destroy the possibility of this shit asking me for an update for good
it might, it should act more like a new install.
You have to uninstall the update associated with it.
nvm, got the link from another thread and dealt with it. here it is in case anyone else needshttp://www.myce.com/news/how-to-uninstall-kb3035583-the-windows-10-downloader-for-windows-7-and-8-1-75681/
Nice
reposting If you just want to disable the nag but keep the update for whatever reason:1. Open task manager2. Kill a process called GWX.exeNow the icon is gone. But it will come back the next time you log in. So:3. Hit start4. Type "task scheduler"5. Launch the task scheduler6. Browse to Microsoft\Windows\Setup\gwx7. Disable both tasks that are listed
W-what? Please explain.
Not sure what hes on about, in the windows 10 dev build I'm on I'm pretty sure you can disable onedrive, for maximum paranoia I suppose you could disable the associated services as wellMaybe they changed it
For anyone whos paranoid about the new windows, its not like they didnt get your information anyway back with windows xp. So I dont see the difference here.
What do you think of Windows 10's high dpi scaling anonymoose? Everythings set to 150% scaling as well.
new stuff is good, legacy menus are beyond shit.
Well, windows has set the guidelines for High DPI scaling since 2006, is beyond me how most programmers still compile without this in mind and then people start blaming the OS for this, goddamn retards.
if the threshold for designing into the operating system's affordances is too high, it doesn't surprise me that people wouldn't design for it in mind.
What threshold are you talking about?Devs are just lazy shits.
Looks terrible to me.  Look at that shitty 'keming' and font rendering on the system settings page bar on the left: "Offline maps" in particular looks fucking retarded.  Is there even a dot above the 'i' after the 'f' in "Notifications and actions"?
Absolutely rubbish. I can't believe 3 years after the retina MacBook Pro Microsoft *still* can't figure it out.
where is my aero
do you agree?
autism tbh
This is pretty autistic. Code space is there to visually separate different things. It's for the benefit of people. If people see it and can visually parse out different code blocks from a glance, then it's served its purpose.OP is in the minority here. This seems like fighting for brevity in all the wrong places.
He's right though. Class methods should generally be as split up as possible to facilitate code reuse and subclassing.
It's a nice idea and worth thinking about. I looked at the usage of spacing in some of my code. Some makes sense such as separating guard condition from body. Some looks prettier to me but probably just is personal preference, eg. putting a space after lines with indentations such as loops. Some seem pretty arbitrary and indeed might warrant a split into multiple methods.The problem with the advice is if you split at each space you'll end up with a shitload of methods making the code harder to read. The author seems to apply the idea of 'if something is good then more must necessarily be better' to small methods. It's the Uncle Bob principle: https://web.archive.org/web/20121020051406/http://blog.objectmentor.com/articles/2009/09/11/one-thing-extract-till-you-drop Honestly I think it sucks and makes the code hard to read.
The title and first paragraph alone were the most retarded things I read this month. I can see where he's going but disregarding all empty lines as code smell is just being close-minded.
Isn't it just the point to have each method do one, and just one thing, so the code is maintainable and has a better structure?
lol nohttp://norvig.com/resume.htmlhttp://norvig.com/sudopy.shtml
I only see reason in separating out chunks of code into a new function if it's going to be used by multiple other functions in order to reduce code duplication. Otherwise there's literally no benefit to doing it.
Complaining about readability in JavaComplains about empty lines, but doesn't use lines to separate the different section's he's 'refactoredTreating this like it's a big issue, while this hipster fuck has probably written more unmaintainable code than most anything with the issue he's talking about, if he even writes programs oftenMaking a big deal out of fucking nothingFuck him.  This guy's a fucking idiot.I put two spaces inbetween functions because I think that's more readable.
How come in any chan app webms work with nuplayer enabled but they refuse to loop and this happens? They always play fine the first time. On a Galaxy S4. They loop in mx player pro.
yes
649 USD~same power than a Titan Xhttp://www.anandtech.com/show/9306/the-nvidia-geforce-gtx-980-ti-reviewhttp://www.techpowerup.com/reviews/NVIDIA/GeForce_GTX_980_Ti/http://www.guru3d.com/articles-pages/nvidia-geforce-gtx-980-ti-review,1.htmlhttp://www.pcgamer.com/nvidia-geforce-gtx-980-ti-review/http://www.bit-tech.net/hardware/graphics/2015/05/31/nvidia-geforce-gtx-980-ti-review/1http://www.tomshardware.com/reviews/nvidia-geforce-gtx-980-ti,4164.htmlhttp://www.techspot.com/review/1011-nvidia-geforce-gtx-980-ti/http://www.techreport.com/review/28356/nvidia-geforce-gtx-980-ti-graphics-card-reviewedhttp://hexus.net/tech/reviews/graphics/83377-nvidia-geforce-gtx-980-ti/http://www.eteknix.com/nvidia-geforce-gtx-980ti-6gb-graphics-card-review-nda-may-31st-2300/http://www.expreview.com/40817.html chick editionhttp://www.computerbase.de/2015-06/geforce-gtx-980-ti-test-nvidia-titan/ nazi editionhttp://www.computerbase.de/2015-06/geforce-gtx-980-ti-test-nvidia-titan/ /v/ editionhttp://www.hardwarecanucks.com/forum/hardware-canucks-reviews/69502-nvidia-gtx-980ti-performance-review.html canadian editionhttp://arstechnica.co.uk/gadgets/2015/05/nvidia-gtx-980-ti-review-all-the-power-of-the-titan-x-for-650/ tanned britt teen editionhttp://www.hardware.fr/articles/935-1/nvidia-geforce-gtx-980-ti-6-go-petite-s-ur-titan-x-test.html frog editionhttp://www.sweclockers.com/test/20523-nvidia-geforce-gtx-980-ti sweden multicult edition
Just to get it out of the wayThe GPU can address the entire 6 GB of memory at a consistent speed.http://www.techpowerup.com/reviews/NVIDIA/GeForce_GTX_980_Ti/2.htmlThey didn't mess with the ROP count which is what caused the 970 issue.
290X user here, 980Ti looks pretty damn good, though the 980 and the Titan X just got shit on.
ign.com/articles/2015/05/31/nvidia-geforce-gtx-980-ti-review /v/ editionoups
so where the fuck can I buy one? I want to get one ASAP. The witcher 3 still doesnt work on my crossfire setup and I want to dump AMD as soon as possible
:^
AMD 375W Housefires confirmed dead on arrival
849$4GB
now do a 980ti sli lol
but is it really that much better than regular cards with GDDR5 ?
was this confirmed yet? or are we waiting on E3 or some shit?
fury is what AMDpoorfags feel now kek
yeah, i can't believe I was hyped for that. there's no way it will outperform the 980ti enough to justify the price point. AMD, you have to sell it at  loss or you will fail forevermissing the point; the 295x2 costs less than a 980ti
290 user here, bought it secondhand for cheap so i got nothing to lose.
Yes, it's a game changer just like GDDR5 was back in the day Also AMD was the first to use GDDR5 in a gpuGDDR5 is at it's limit and HBM is the next step
sure BUT we don't know if Fiji is a good GPU. Wait and see
do you have your local fire department number?
muh hbmmuh 4gblove this meme card
295x2 costs less than a 980tiAnd is a mini nuclear reactor compared to the 980ti and is only slightly more powerful
yeah by pure memory bandwidth which means fucking nothing in real world muh benches. plus it just a first gen. AMD will basically beta test the technology for nvidia
BUMPI WANT TO PURCHASE RIGHT THE FUCK NOW
IGNIGNIGN
Woot woot Pascal.I thought the next one was Volta? Or is that after Pascal?
Its water cooled, shitlord.
295x2 costs less than a 980tiwho in the right mind would buy an AMD GPU for games? They are good only for mining and some rendering or something.
So what card would be a good update to a 6970 for ~1080p stuff?
Why do you guys care about this if none of you play games on PC?
Get with the times grandpa, hbm is the future.
980 and 980ti for that matter are overkill for 1080p gaming, right?
Water contains HYDROGEN fucktard. When it burns, it combines with OXYGEN, something else that's fucking flammable as shit.Do you even know what that shit does? It fucking catches on fire.Enjoy your water burning and turning into water faggot.
firs gen hbm futurepick one
so who do you call now? The boiler man?
someone who can read benchmarks and see that the 295x2 is still the most bang for your buck card in properly optimized games. however nvidia wins objectively in all higher tier cards all around
femi housefire v3.5 meme guy talking bullshit about Muhwattage guy classic neo/g/  gentleman
renderingCUDA is king on that end, at least for blender and some Adobe shit.
tanned britt teen editionmy side
When Nvidia does it they'll do it right because I trust Nvidia with my wallet
I DON'T CARE ABOUT MONEY! HELLO!? Stop quoting me. OK I GOT IT!!! You love your AMD, fucking marry it then. Jesus Christ
not quite, games are becoming more demanding see witcher3, and resolution isn't everything
...and film industry, astronomy and all the science stuff
Pascal is nexthttp://www.geforce.com/hardware/geforce-gtx-980-ti/buy-gpu
Why the fuck would you be burning water? If the loop is done correctly, the water will be MOVING and relieving the heat which is expelled OUT of the case. The heat is being dispersed among the surface area of the loop. Learn how a fucking water cooled system works before you spout some shit about burning hydrogen.
film industrylast time I checked most 3D packages render using CPU
:^
LOL LOLCheck out this Mememaster richlord getting all angry with his CAPITAL LETTER SPOUTING MEMES AND ANGER!!!!!!111!!!!!1!!!!ENJOY WASTING YOUR MONEY ON AN INFERIOR PRODUCT AND SUPPORTING JEWS WHO ARE ACTIVELY DESTROYING GAMING YOU DIRTY KIK!!!!! FUCK YOU!!!!!!
Im so annoyed amd delayed their release to E3.What were they thinking?How many people are even looking at the gpu tabloids to know the Fury is coming. Most are going to see this 980ti and buy it of the shelves.Meanwhile I have to get cockteased assuming the Fury can match this price/performance.
 gimped Titan X
bars without contextok :^
its not gimped Titan X, its Titan X who are gimped.
google nvidia + film industryCPUs are good because everyone knows how to work with them but CUDA blows them out of the water in render time if done correctly
maybe they wanted to add functioning drivers
Essentially, you are correct, for nuclear reactors are water cooled the same way this card is but on a bigger scale. But, if power consumption isn't a big issue for you, the 295x2 is a better choice.
I specialise in reverse memeology friend. You just got tricked :^
memertwitch memerAMD audience everyone
290x matching with 980 at 4k for a lot of titleskek
googlenice oneTell me about specific render engines. I know mental ray ain't using CUDA, Maya software eitherit's shit anyway, and blender is for nerds
yfw Titan XThis is what the idiots who bought the Titan X should have bought.
how much are they paying you and does it have 3.5GB VRAM?
to "google" is a made-up term for "search the internet for"as I said, not your personal google
This card is $250 more than a 980 in my country and there is only reference coolers at the moment.Is it worth selling my 980 and getting the TI? Or are we only looking at 10~fps increase at most?
 a gimp of a gimp
I don't know but the entire internet will know, but I will act like I knowinto the trash
you're making zero sense imbecile
Buying the shit outta 980 if it drops around 500â‚¬.
this
What? http://m.newegg.com/Product/index?itemnumber=N82E16814150710
film companies and just building CUDA-based super computers for the lulz right? Even fucking Avatar used it.Retarded summerfag...
Honestly given the choice between supporting an ISIS-backed AMD and Jew-backed nVIDIA, I'll pick the latter five times a day and twice on Sunday. Honestly if you're an American the choice should be crystal clear.
yfw 295x2
titan performance without the titan namegee i dunnojust buy that shit
w-w-why not if you have the money
they come out june 2nd retard. look then
But I'd have to sell my 980 and pay $300~ to close the gap. Will it really be worth it?
Even fucking Avatargreat argument, I love how you can't name a single renderer, at least google one and act like you know what you're talking about
http://blogs.nvidia.com/blog/2010/01/05/nvidia-collaborates-with-weta-to-accelerate-visual-effects-for-avatar/
??????
if you don't buy it you're just a poor scrub
No. Wait for pascal or whatever AMD has if it doesn't flop for your next upgrade.

300 smeckroos for that improvementfucking don't you fagget, are you coming short with that 980 ? wtf do you do that it's not enough ?
anyone knows any japanese website that does the reviews?
Yeah you're probably right. Thanks mates.
they still use XP in nipland
amd is shit bruv
+1literally meme-company that survived 2014 because of bitcoin mining
$1000au without aftermarket coolingFucking Australian pc market. $100 US hike on retail.
im legitimately curious, what did you intend with this post?
they built their own custom engineholy fuck you fagget you think anyone who isn't spending hundreds of millions on a single product can fucking do shit like this ? the rest of the industry uses already existing render engines they license, except for those who make their own. It's not feasible to do what they did for 90% of the industry

memeposting
How is your internet, mate?
I hate every single one of you that aren't doing this unironically.
How did he/she not die?
reference coolersStrawman you say?
Yeah you totally know better what to use and in what to invest than CEOs of film industry, James Cameron and nvidia LOL
She's probably wishing she had
be nice to AMD customers
adsl shite.Suburb not even listed on the nbn plans.
lmao
gigaybyte
MSI, Gigabyte or what?
autist btfomfw reading pathetic nvidia shills
I'm saying that my studio, and most of the studios in the industry can't afford to make their own render engines, do you understand ? can you fucking read ?People either use mental ray, Vray, Maxwell, renderman mostly just pixar/disney, brazil, or rhino
Asus has best coolers, get the DCII edition
Imagine how many clueless summerfags would be baited into buying AMD in the next 3 month lol. I love this shit as it keeps prices for superior nvidia products at bay
MSI Lightning, best performance.
Gigabyte has a metal backplate
Carmen Blandin Tarleton
that card must sound like a B-52 with those fans.
What am I looking at?
what the fuck is amd doing. just give us the hbm card already ffs.
So when the Fiji cards come out here shortly, will the non-reference coolers be available at release too? Dumb question but I've never followed a GPU line release before.
http://www.guru3d.com/articles-pages/gigabyte-geforce-gtx-680-soc-review,2.htmllel
the reason why we need a new plague
EVGA it just werks
So this or the 295x2?Please don't fanboy, we need constructive dialogue here
Are those delta fans?

They have to wait till Nvidia makes a nice profit and steals more market share.The genius behind AMD marketing. Release something later while making sure potential consumers know as little as possible about your upcoming products.
hardware canucksall they talk about is the American pricing knowing damnor should I say DAM LOL HAHA-well it's going to be $1000 here
980Ti, easily.295X2 may be faster at games where CF is supported but unfortunately new games rarely if ever have CF support out the box, and some never actually receive it, ever. And when CF doesn't work, it performs worse than a single 290X.And even when CF does work, the difference is pretty small.
See
wait for the 390x if it isn't the doom bringer of nvidia, buy the 980ti
get nvidia if you want it to just werk, get amd if you rather pay a bit less for least consistent performance
this x1000
Nvidia panicking afraid of amd 300 seriesreleasing cheaper titan versionfucking their titan customers dry in the asssupporting this master jew company
I'm curious. If nvidia is really releasing the 980ti at $650 in fear of the 'Fury', why doesn't AMD release something so that Nvidia doesn't get those sales? Unless it's just AMD fags in full damage control pretending like AMD has something up their sleeves.
"If you actually look at frame buffers and how efficient they are and how efficient the drivers are at managing capacities across the resolutions, you'll find that there's a lot that can be done. We do not see 4GB as a limitation that would cause performance bottlenecks. We just need to do a better job managing the capacities. We were getting free capacity, because with [GDDR5] in order to get more bandwidth we needed to make the memory system wider, so the capacities were increasing. As engineers, we always focus on where the bottleneck is. If you're getting capacity, you don't put as much effort into better utilising that capacity. 4GB is more than sufficient. We've had to go do a little bit of investment in order to better utilise the frame buffer, but we're not really seeing a frame buffer capacity [problem]. You'll be blown away by how much [capacity] is wasted." Joe Macri - AMD CTO
So it says "Launch June 1st", how long until I can buy it from brands like EVGA? And how long will the initial rush keep it out of stock?
295X2 DO YOU WANT TO SUPPORT THE JEWS AND WASTE YOU MONEY FOR AN INFERIOR PRODUCT?????3.53.5
so when can I buy a nice OC'd 980ti
nvidia girls are equipped with better hardware goy
where is this from? I'm interested
Thank you /g/. There was no shitposting in any of those four replies. I'm impressed.
[amd damage control}it's because the HBMv2 isn't ready
So amd is really aiming for a more efficient use of resources then? explains mantle I guess.
not 2d AMD grills
I've tried my luck with crossfire over the years. Wasn't a very pleasent experience.HD4850 * 2 = OK, wasn't too bad actually. AMD was really pushing CF at this time, so there was a lot of support for it. Scaling was fine.HD 5870 * 2 = A bit less great, honestly I have a tendency of playing new games right away and more often than not it meant i was playing with a single 5870HD 6990 = Worst card I ever owned. Had CF off almost all the time. Constantly caused problems, not just that it didn't work but it actually caused performance loss, bugs, microstuttering, etc. A 295X2 is an amazing piece of hardware but ultimately its just that. Dual GPU stuff doesnt have good enough software support. The only reason i'd buy it over a powerful single card is if i literally did not give a shit about gaming just wanted to show off .
amd is made to fuck up, it would be too logical for them to do anything, but even then850 buckskek
no backplate on reference againWhy
what he said is not wrong, see what happens to console port.
Because AMD are shit at running a business. Remember they were planning to launch Fury on Computex and held back to E3 instead. Unless their cut down hbm card can compete with the 980ti, they are about to commit a major blunder.

A 295X2 is an amazing piece of hardware but ultimately its just that. Dual GPU stuff doesnt have good enough software support. The only reason i'd buy it over a powerful single card is if i literally did not give a shit about gaming just wanted to show off .Welp, since that completely describes the kind of person i am, the 295x2 seems like an automatic choice.
Good goyim
anyone paying for a top-end consumer vidya game card is basically paying to get fucked in the assI sure hope /g/ didn't fall for the titan meme
I sure hope /g/ didn't fall for the titan memePlenty of people did, if you check speccy and battlestations threads.
Man I hope AMD has something at least semi decent up their sleeves because Nvidia is out for bloodI dont really think they "panicked".. if anything it seems to me they just want to take away amd's remaining 20% by forcing consumers starved for a new graphics card to just buy a 980ti instead of waiting for Fiji.
but the Titan X made 980Ti looks cheap.
So what's going with Nvidia? THey seem more thristy and Hyper jewing than old releases.
but the only 980Ti being sell now was the only reference right?
mfw they release a 960 ti that performs near 970 range but $100~$200 less
How likely is it to be gimped in 2 years like my 780ti?
Titan X Performance for $350 lessSure it's still $650, but it performance about the same as the most powerful card on the market for almost half the price.
not having a 2 year upgrade cycle*performs
very, don't forget it's nvidia gimp race
that's what I'm trying to say. the Ti was best bang for buck because of the Titan X
upgrading every two yearsI don't want to be a good goyim
Actually really fast. Pascal and HBM 2.0 come out next year along with zen and cannonlake with zen being near haswell performance and hbm on die gpu it will be amazing with the new multiadapter I think it is called
what the fuck do you guys do with old parts after upgrading?
zen being near haswellAs someone who owns an 8350, even I'm not that optimistic.
Ebay
I'm using an old Titan as a coaster actually
NAS/HTPC
Buttplug
980 ti/2 between 980 and 980ti when
Hand me down to any of my family member.
nvidia grossly overprices Titan Xappropriately prices the 980 Tinvidiots suddenly think it's an amazing dealLike clockwork.
would have been better if it AMD logo was the pantsu
keep
Never
nothing or secoud pc
As someone on a chat pointed out, SLI970s are obsolete with the 980ti
The already IPC gains are amazing in itself who knows what else they can throw on that shit
implying titan series cards haven't been priced at $1000 since their debutimplying this isn't a steal for the second best card in the marketTell me more about how poor you are
It worked for the 780 Ti too. Nvidia really knows how to market.steal for the second best card in the marketIt's really working. Amazing.
So is AMD kill?
http://m.newegg.com/Product/index?itemnumber=N82E16814150710Try thishttp://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16814202108
We don't know yet really, wait for Tahiti and whatever series number it is.
HBM with low yields means limited Fijis in the market. It could be 10% faster than Titan X, but only the early buyers can get those. Time to wrap it up. 2014 and 2015 belongs to nVidia.
So it's bitcoin all over again with inflated gpu pricesgreat
i dunno, 650 is a lot to pay for a graphics card
upgrade components every few years 3 for gpu, 6 for cpuuse replaced components in secondary computerby the time I replace the replacement, the original components will be 6/12 years old and thus worthless so I throw them out
I'm not a fan of the 2x8 pins and the WC system of Fury
These are high end gpus meant for the enthusiast consumer. If you don't fit that niche, this isn't for you.
IT'S HAPPENING! OH MY GOD, 3XX REBRANDS CONFIRMED AGAIN!http://wccftech.com/gigabyte-radeon-r9-380-g1-gaming-radeon-r9-390x-series-pictured-r9-380-features-4-gb-gddr5-memory/
amd promisesagainWhen will you actually fucking learn? It's always fucking nothing. AMD cpu's have sucked ass since A64, and their last truly good graphics cards were the 5000 series.
however you need to justify it kiddo
Phenom was great you nigger and the 290x still is doing great despite almost being 2 years old
I'm actually kind of hopeful about AMD. AMD CPUs sucking will be a less issue going forward due to DX12 and Nvidia's shitting the bed on the mid-range it's hard to overemphasise how shit the 960 is
Son, let me tell you of a time back when I bought a 8800 GTX for $650 and it was the top of its class, a full G80 chip, when Nvidia didn't know they could get away with bullshit like this. Later after tons of rebrands the 480 arrived as GF100 and later as the 580 as GF110 but fuck that housefire.Fast forward a few years later when I was desperately ready to upgrade and Nvidia announced the new Kepler cards. I was disappointed as fuck. Instead of giving us the usual GK110 card at the $500-650 pricepoint we get shitty GK104 usually reserved for the mid tier *60 cards. They jumped the gap and made the $1000 Titan their full chip. They only wait till they're forced lower their price because of the market. They get to manipulate all they want until AMD forces them down.This is why it fucking disgusts me when people constantly post that they want AMD to fail. Do they not see this is terrible for the consumer? Unless they're actually shilling for Nvidia they're rooting for their own downfall.
If people are willing to pay premium prices for best in class performance so be it. I personally enjoy my hobby of assembling the latest and greatest rigs.
you realize the only reason the 960 is "shit" is because AMD prices have gone in the fucking sewers.ie 290x release price vs nowamd is making no money what so ever...which means no R&D which means they will keep faling farther behind
Nvidia and Intel already have shady-as-fuck business practices. I hate to think what they would be like without AMD keeping them in check.
The 960 isn't mid range. It's shit range.
Stop making me feel bad about my 980sc
in check20% market sharelol,,,,I wish they were doing better but come on
Daily reminder:Nvidia = EvilAMD = Incompetent
No, the reason the 960 is shit is because it was clearly originally intended to be the 950, with them bumping up the model because they didn't want to cannibalise 970 sales. The specs don't make a lick of sense otherwise.

http://m.playtech.co.nz/afawcs0139235/CATID=1198/ID=25673/SID=483714220/productdetails.html1400 NZDFuck this country
:^
AMD isn't keeping anyone in check. At least not for the past 2 years. They've been even more irrelevant in the CPU front for longer than that. Do I want them to fall? No. But I do think they need to get their shit together quickly because I'm not buying an inferior card out of pity just to help them stay afloat.
What in the actual fuck am I reading?
Proud to be a murrican
970 x2 or980ti
Samefag :^
970 ever
Even with the 3.5gigs you still get 1 more gigabyte of VRAM over the 980 Ti. Not even a question. Go with the 970s.
980 ti without question, unless you already have a 970 and can't sell it easily. a single card is always going to be more reliable and consistent than a multi card setupI rather have a few less fps in return for consistency
hey now. I have a 970 running 3x1080 and its fucking great. will soon be rocking me an oculusalso, nvidia is already way ahead as far as VR and latency
US$650AU$1000+
You would still only have a single card's worth of VRAM pre-DX12.
wutare you retarded? its not 3.5+3.5 dude
Not really, in Germany the price difference isn't big. 650 â‚¬ would be a dream, that never happens.
3.5 + 3.5 is 8 anon. I know my math.
Remy LaCroix x2orBailey Jay
still being on about the 3.5 epic maymay
fuck off aussie you live like kings compared to us min. wage fags in burgerland.
Don't you meanNvidia = JewsAMD = Jews
Live in AustraliaTake US priceThrow $500 on top of it because "Australia Tax" If I buy a card from the US will it work in my computer here in Australia? Also another question, what quality are all the second hand 980s and stuff that are on Ebay and were blatantly used for Bitcoin mining before the crash?
FUCK
How do you handle power in upside down land?
Bailey obv
If I buy a card from the US will it work in my computer here in Australia? wouldn't you pay shipping+tariffs anyway making the price closer to AUS price?
No dude, it's 7.8
You don't save any money buying one from the US taking into exchange rate and shipping. A $750 980 from PCCaseGear will cost you $850 from Amazon after shipping and change of currency.
nvidia is already way ahead as far as VR and latencyNot really. AMD was ahead on that front from GCN 1.0http://wccftech.com/interview-amds-robert-hallock-future-prospects-amd-explored/ AMD Radeonâ„¢ hardware already supports low-latency VR rendering through â€˜asynchronous timewarp.â€™ Asynchronous timewarp is a technique that can be exposed in AMD Radeon hardware via the Asynchronous Compute Engines ACE, which can schedule and execute compute and display operations independently of the graphics queue. The ACE is a fundamental architectural building block of AMD Radeon GPUs utilizing the Graphics Core Next architecture. Kepler cards don't have this functionality. They also announced Liquid VR and had talks at GDC about reducing latency. I haven't heard about Nvidia's VR direct since they announced it.
Pretty much this. ATI cards are shittier though arguably better value for money but the best ATI can do is keep Nvidia in check considering Nvidia is like the fucking king of anti-consumer practices. Dealing with Nvidia when my old card blew up a month after buying it is what made me switch to Radeon to begin with.
GOD SAVE THE QUEEN!
Nvidia = Jewsnvidia have zero facilities, students, engineers in israel. Not like AMD and Intel:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_multinationals_with_research_and_development_centres_in_Israel
Theres no tarrif for anything under $1000 shipping will be like $50 max.
jay
I'm hearing grumblings of 5.5gb. Is it 970 all over again?
Phenom IIAthlon II sucked assUnderage confirmed
It's all in your head.
February 9, 2009dude, those were released more than SIX years agothats a long ass time ago
Something is causing pixel fill rates to be significantly less than the Titan X. We don't know what yet.
its possible, but because the 980/970 were claimed to have the same amount of ram, where as the 980ti/titanx have 1/2 the amount, i really doubt itnot that it fucking matters anyway
My AMD card is still working after 3 years of hard use and it still manages 1080p on high/ultra settings not to mention that it gets driver support while all the keplar cards are being left to rot which is what will happen to maxwell when pascal comes out when you want longevity you always buy AMDuntil someone can say that for any nvidia card they ever bought you team green faggots can fuck off
I was 14 when that released.
it gets driver supportIt was 161 days between driver updates.
AMDDriver supporthahahahhaha. Oh you were serious? HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
i have never played a single video game where my AMD gpu didnt have drivers for ityou cunts keep telling me i have no drivers and i have yet to ever personally experience this problem and i buy new games all the time
amd d-d-driver
Are you seriously using drivers as an argument to choose AMD?
how do you grow up knowing your entire life is a meme? if you were born after 1985 you are literally a bad personbut that's obvious seeing as you're posting in an nvidia shill thread anyway
Do you not play games on or around release or something? It happens all the time. See GTA V and Project Cars.
It's ok for them to get an update once every year.
Play witcher 3 without a driver update on a 3 year old cardStill fine without any problemsKeep shilling

So what then, wait for the 980 price drop or buy the 980ti? I'm looking at the specs and I'm not sure if the price difference is worth it.
980 price dropits my option
driver supportReally because last I checked, they were slow on driver support for recent games on crossfire configuration :^....Meanwhile nVidia releases drivers before games are even released for better performance / SLI support, but please tell us more about your bullshit stories.
source?
For what monitor? Either way I'd wait for the 980ti aftermarket cooler cards to come out. The reference blower is barely adequate.
http://anandtech.com/show/9306/the-nvidia-geforce-gtx-980-ti-review/14
Wait they aren't doing something at Computex? No wonder the news articles were strangely empty of any info for this weekend.
drivers that gimped old cards and caused memory leaks for witcher 3 which is on nvidia gamewerksâ„¢ mind you, your turn.:^
Just 1080, but I'm usually streaming games for some friends on steam and the 760 isn't doing so well. Do you think a i5 4570 would bottleneck them?
"AMD has given a red light to all board partners for any kind of presentations or public announcement happening at Computex. It is quite disappointing to say at least." from memecardz
I wouldn't buy a 980ti for 1080.
Ill take a slow release from AMD thats 99.9% stable over the Card-frying, trainwreck that is Nvidia drivers anyday of the weekheres my processwitcher 3 comes outlast game has issues and was shittier than the first so this might be a shit game ill wait for user reviews on steam to tell me if there are issues only a moronic faggot buys a game on release let alone pre-orders that bullshitreviews tell me how horribly fucked up witcher3 iseven nvidia cards are crashing and its a gameworks game optimized for themAMD driver support is fuckedfine by me ill just hole off until the probelms are fixed either by the devs or by third party modsand thenAMD releases drivers fix for witcher3ridiculously fastprobably made an exception for this game due to publicitynow playable on AMD cardsnvidia cards are still fucking uplolI buy games when forums tell me their probelems are fixed and the longer it takes the cheaper the game will be when i buy it so i give zero fucks since i have a game library so huge it will be 2 years before i play through the shit i already have
When can we actually but it though?
gimped old cardsMy 770 isn't gimped, but I can tell you my 5830 suffered an issue of being at a locked 24 FPS when going to new drivers :^, sold it on craigslist because of that, even happened when I reverted to old drivers. I didn't hear about memory leaks, but if that's true then that is unfortunate and I'm sure it will be fixed sometime.But lets both agree both sides do shit at drivers sometimes  but in my opinion, AMD is late to update theirs for games 
Now if you want a reference card.
From...? I don't see it on any etailer page or distributor's pages.
Wish I actually had a reaction folder for this sort of thing.
If only you've been on /vg/ witcher 3 generals, most nvidida users reports that they crash when they go into the menu every hour or so some with a higher frequency of crashes, even after the game has been updated to 1.04.nvidia is also notorious for killing their own cards with driver updates, link related.http://www.zdnet.com/article/warning-nvidia-196-75-drivers-can-kill-your-graphics-card/
So much for the last gen Titan lasting 3 years, 2 years even. 290x turned out pretty well.Yet people will still fall for the 980 Ti and Titan X. Nvidia will just get away with it. So sad.
AMD gave out drivers for GTA 5 a day early tho. it fixed stuttering.
And before pointing out that I'm dumb, it isn't available on Nvidia's own page either. It just says the item isn't in stock.
Yeah I guess, but I'm still wondering about the bottleneck, I googled it but I'm just getting answers with no explanations.
nvidia had em 6 hours ago maybe 1-2 hour window, I had one ready to checkout. sold out now- you aren't missing much, you'd be paying $70 in tax/shipping in the us for an nvidia branded card and nvidia warranty. Just wait til June2
Wait for DX12 for some low level mantle style api, should reduce any bottlenecks if any exists.
Should have called it the Titan XXX, cuz the people who recently bought an X just got fucked xDDDDDD
http://www.geforce.com/hardware/geforce-gtx-980-ti/buy-gpuThey were available earlier, I have 2 screens of them in my cart at checkout on my desktop. On my phone rn tho
So will the the 300 series that is non HBM have ANY architectural changes at all or is it a complete rebrand? Disappointing if true just hope the price is low
fucking REXKT lmao
Anyone here had a STRIX card? What's your experience with it?
gimped Titan Xokay.
Ebin xDDDDDDD
Fucking retarded Australians.Remove GST, because sales tax isn't included in the US price. You're at AU$900. Now let's see how much that is in USD. $689. Not that much more than the US price.Does this have to be done every fucking time? Just how retarded are you Australians?
for half the price I'm ok with this
Comparing us all to one dumb cunt.. Nice work there, fat cunt.
Has anyone heard from that /g/ent that bought two of them? He literally just kissed goodbye to $700 for no reason.
paying the goods&services jew
no1 asked for your opinon
hey is fat cunt bad?because IIRC sick cunt is good
or yours
come on....after all we all know their legacy... kek
Calling someone a sick cunt is a positive compliment in a overly yobosh sort of way but people use it.Used in any other sort of context is an insult.
No, this happens every fucking day. Every time you see a person complaining about how expensive something is and how unfair that is, it's an Australian. I hate Australians.
Anyone? ;_;
mÃªmeI know french, but I always fucking laugh like an idiot when I read "mÃªme"
no, EVGA masterrace
$650 is half of $1000good goy
Not my question though
Yeah it's fine. Not sure why you are asking that here though.
Just a heads upexpect product releases in the next 4 hours
Asus is making a STRIX version of the 980 ti and was wondering  if it's  worth  getting
you're the only one who got one Asus is good though.
hehehe, nvidia as per usual releasing a product earlier than AMD with an extravagent title to get people on their side before its too late.
on the shops?When are the hybrid water cooled variants coming?Im not spending $1000+ Aus monopoly money on fucking blowers.
aftermarket pcbs whenmsi lightning-mothafucka! edition whenhigh end evga that doesn't have 2 dvi ports whenwaterblocks when
It hasn't been released but the teaser image showed 3 fans so it's an all new design. Nobody knows if it's good or not but it's Asus which makes nice shit and 3 fans are better than 2.
I thought the aftermarket 980 ti would release along side the reference card?
When are the hybrid water cooled variants coming?Not at launch, but there should be non-reference designs outhigh end evga that doesn't have 2 dvi ports whenAll of their 900 series cards have 1 DVI, 1 HDMI, and 2 DP. it won't have 2 DVI
New 1080p i5 4690k build needs gpu. Getting 980 for 499 seems stupid when 150 more gets me the ti. Is 290x sufficient?  Why is there no fucking 399 option
evga goofed and made the 980 FTW and Classy as 2x DVI, hdmi, dponly the ref, regular acx, hydro copper and kingpin is standard 3 DP
Someone slept through their high school physics class. Really hope its bait.
and the renders/stock photos of the evga lineup released 2 days ago shows the classy as the same i/o as the 980, no 3 DPI would buy a classy day 1 if it had the stock loadout
Should I just get a 290x for 1080
Jesus christ, just wait a bit. Whats your current card anyways?
HD 5770, im so fucking desperate to upgrade. I'm giving it two weeks. I can't decide what to get
Wait for amd to release theirs, there's bound to be price drops for both sides.
all you gotta do is wait til e3 in 2.5 weeksthen get a reduced price 290X or 380X or whatever if that's what you wantI feel you I just sold my 980 and am back on my old trusty 5870
huh. Never noticed that. Kingpin 980 has 1 DVI.SSC will have 1 DVI, no doubt, and the Kingpin 980 Ti which will be a ways from now will likely also have 1 DVI.
I'm making a new build with an i5 4690k and have no plans of going beyond 1080p aside from getting a rift at some point 2 1080p at 90+fps = 1440p @ 90fps?, so what card would you recommend I wait for?
this
tfw going to wait for AMD's $600 undercut with day one watercoolingIt might be a rumour but there is no way they can go with a $850 price tag after today. Im confident they'll have to go low for a sell.
Bang for buck? Just hold out a bit more man. You can do it.
It's a business. They spent a shit load to develop HBM and they can't afford to give it away.
check videocardz, bunch new models confirmed asus/msi frozr inc
leaked 380 cooler
MSI released pics of it's dragon card
That's fucking sexyWhereja get that?
Look at those fucking heat pipes. Hnnngggh
gigabyte g1 looks unchanged from 980, except rgb led and the metal cutouts/color in the cooler aren't exactly the sameseems msi twin frozer is unchanged, except is the only card of the big 4 that has a back plate confirmedvideocardzso which launch 980ti card guys?same old msi twin frozer + backplate + maybe 2x8pinsame old gigabyte g1 gaming + rgb + maybe backplatesame old evga acx 2.0new asus dcuIII
so which launch 980ti card guys?Definitely that Asus
To me it looks like the gigabyte cooler will still be the most powerful. The fins cover more surface area and the fans are bigger than the Asus.
I agree, the windforce was a proven overclocker this last season, and it looks untouched the subtle metal cutouts line up after I compared them againshould be 2x8pin, decently binned and a backplate toodon't know how well some of these 165w tpd 980 coolers are going to handle 250w tdp
Not well. Gigabyte cards usually have more available TDP too. I remember my 970 could be jacked up to well over 300 watts without any hardware modification only custom bios. I'll be waiting to see how that Asus card does though because tbh I always thought their cards seem so well made.
Is the ACX 2.0 a placeholder cooler? I'm a big overclocker and I like the idea of the better VRM's that the EVGA classified and kingpin cards get. But I don't want to water cool my GPUs so it's pointless if their aircooler won't prevent thermal throttling.
If you're going to pay a premium for an enthusiast grade card then wait for something like pic related if you can. 6-8 months from now some really nice high end models will come along with binned chips and 14 phase VRM's etc.
I can't believe all of the 300 series is rebranded 200 series. What is AMD even doing? 200 series was designed against the 700 series. Given that these 980ti chips were made in mid-2014 I'd think that Nvidia has the 1000 series well on the way now.
well for amd you still get a FURY! flagship over the 390X and hbm bragging rights. but if the $850 and 4gb rumors are true, then a trainwreck is incoming
So when will something like  come out?
I'd just be wildly guessing but I'd say before the end of June.
we don't know about the new direct cu 3but we'll see the hard launch in the next 24 hours and probably half of the pictured cards will be first day availability, the rest in the coming monthgiven that nvidia has had the 980ti ready to ship for about 6 weeks now, it's reasonable to assume this launch will have more aftermarket cooler cards sooner than the 980 sept launch. but don't expect the really fancy stuff like the kingpin/lightning/poseidon etc til months later
Fuck AMDThey can't fucking compete properly which means the prices rise to the top.The Fury stuff will be enthusiast material, and if the chip is shit, the fast RAM HBM won't do shit.And the rebranded R300 series won't be anymore efficient than the R290X.They simply overclocked the chip and memory, which actually means even more demand for power.Why should I get AMD again, when I can still get a 970GTX?I am not a 3.5GB meme spouter
why would you want to support a company that lies to their consumers?
Is there really any reason to wait for kingpin / lightning though?
If you aren't interested wringing the absolute hightest OC possible out of the card at the cost of an extra $100+ then no.
imo it's not worth waiting 3-6+ months then paying a premium, unless you currently have an awesome card. the 980 kingpin just came out, 6months after the 980 launchi'll be buying the best aftermarket pcb/cooler that comes out in the first few weeks after reviews are out and people are sharing overclocks
What are you running now? I have 2x980s so I can afford to wait for all of the special models to come out before I decide to swap out for 2 ti's. If you are at a 970 level and 1080p I'd honestly just wait a few months.
see the "1436" on pic related?that means the core was manufactured in the 36. week in 2014. which would be august 2014.and faggots jump on the hate wagon from shills and say competition is bad.
without amd you wouldn't even get this card next year in august.
Enjoy your stuttering games
If it weren't for AMD we would have had this 6 months ago. They held it back to be the ace in the hole vs HBM card.
keep dreamingno ompetition means you would wait 4 instead of 2 years for the "newest" tech
780 ti. Gonna upgrade so I can actually do 1440p@144hz
Yeah just get the best vanilla card. Which will most likely be the Gigabyte.
Really hot on the strix though but let's see what the week brings in terms of release dates and reviews.
awww yiss
